sochařem                      socharem
sochařích                     socharich
sochaře                       socharit
sochař                        sochar
sochařům                      socharum
sochařů                       sochar
sochaři                       socharit
zubařem                       zubarem
zubařích                      zubarich
zubaře                        zubarit
zubař                         zubar
zubařům                       zubarum
zubařů                        zubar
zubaři                        zubarit
sklářem                       sklarem
sklářích                      sklarich
skláře                        sklarit
sklář                         sklar
sklářům                       sklarum
sklářů                        sklar
skláři                        sklarit
zahrádkářem                   zahradkarem
zahrádkářích                  zahradkarich
zahrádkáře                    zahradkarit
zahrádkář                     zahradkar
zahrádkářům                   zahradkarum
zahrádkářů                    zahradkar
zahrádkáři                    zahradkarit
angličtinářem                 anglictinarem
angličtinářích                anglictinarich
angličtináře                  anglictinarit
angličtinář                   anglictinar
angličtinářům                 anglictinarum
angličtinářů                  anglictinar
angličtináři                  anglictinarit
funkcionářem                  funkcionarem
funkcionářích                 funkcionarich
funkcionáře                   funkcionarit
funkcionář                    funkcionar
funkcionářům                  funkcionarum
funkcionářů                   funkcionar
funkcionáři                   funkcionarit
legionářem                    legionarem
legionářích                   legionarich
legionáře                     legionarit
legionář                      legionar
legionářům                    legionarum
legionářů                     legionar
legionáři                     legionarit
odbíjenkářem                  odbijenkarem
odbíjenkářích                 odbijenkarich
odbíjenkáře                   odbijenkarit
odbíjenkář                    odbijenkar
odbíjenkářům                  odbijenkarum
odbíjenkářů                   odbijenkar
odbíjenkáři                   odbijenkarit
házenkářem                    hazenkarem
házenkářích                   hazenkarich
házenkáře                     hazenkarit
házenkář                      hazenkar
házenkářům                    hazenkarum
házenkářů                     hazenkar
házenkáři                     hazenkarit
šermířem                      sermirem
šermířích                     sermirich
šermíře                       sermirit
šermíř                        sermir
šermířům                      sermirum
šermířů                       sermir
šermíři                       sermirit
bankéřem                      bankerem
bankéřích                     bankerich
bankéře                       bankerit
bankéř                        banker
bankéřům                      bankerum
bankéřů                       banker
bankéři                       bankerit
šenkýřem                      senkyrem
šenkýřích                     senkyrich
šenkýře                       senkyrit
šenkýř                        senkyr
šenkýřům                      senkyrum
šenkýřů                       senkyr
šenkýři                       senkyrit
žoldnéřem                     zoldnerem
žoldnéřích                    zoldnerich
žoldnéře                      zoldnerit
žoldnéř                       zoldner
žoldnéřům                     zoldnerum
žoldnéřů                      zoldner
žoldnéři                      zoldnerit
kameníka                      kamenict
kameník                       kamenik
kameníkem                     kamenikem
kameníky                      kamenik
kamenících                    kamenicich
kameníku                      kamenikt
kameníkovi                    kamenikov
kameníkům                     kamenikum
kameníci                      kamenic
kameníků                      kamenik
hříšníka                      hrisnict
hříšník                       hrisnik
hříšníkem                     hrisnikem
hříšníky                      hrisnik
hříšnících                    hrisnicich
hříšníku                      hrisnikt
hříšníkovi                    hrisnikov
hříšníkům                     hrisnikum
hříšníci                      hrisnic
hříšníků                      hrisnik
žalářníka                     zalarnict
žalářník                      zalarnik
žalářníkem                    zalarnikem
žalářníky                     zalarnik
žalářnících                   zalarnicich
žalářníku                     zalarnikt
žalářníkovi                   zalarnikov
žalářníkům                    zalarnikum
žalářníci                     zalarnic
žalářníků                     zalarnik
lihovarníka                   lihovarnict
lihovarník                    lihovarnik
lihovarníkem                  lihovarnikem
lihovarníky                   lihovarnik
lihovarnících                 lihovarnicich
lihovarníku                   lihovarnikt
lihovarníkovi                 lihovarnikov
lihovarníkům                  lihovarnikum
lihovarníci                   lihovarnic
lihovarníků                   lihovarnik
jeřábníka                     jerabnict
jeřábník                      jerabnik
jeřábníkem                    jerabnikem
jeřábníky                     jerabnik
jeřábnících                   jerabnicich
jeřábníku                     jerabnikt
jeřábníkovi                   jerabnikov
jeřábníkům                    jerabnikum
jeřábníci                     jerabnic
jeřábníků                     jerabnik
plukovníka                    plukovnict
plukovník                     plukovnik
plukovníkem                   plukovnikem
plukovníky                    plukovnik
plukovnících                  plukovnicich
plukovníku                    plukovnikt
plukovníkovi                  plukovnikov
plukovníkům                   plukovnikum
plukovníci                    plukovnic
plukovníků                    plukovnik
alibistou                     alibist
alibista                      alibist
alibistech                    alibistech
alibisty                      alibist
alibistu                      alibist
alibistovi                    alibistov
alibistům                     alibistum
alibisto                      alibist
alibistů                      alibist
alibisté                      alibist
fotbalistou                   fotbalist
fotbalista                    fotbalist
fotbalistech                  fotbalistech
fotbalisty                    fotbalist
fotbalistu                    fotbalist
fotbalistovi                  fotbalistov
fotbalistům                   fotbalistum
fotbalisto                    fotbalist
fotbalistů                    fotbalist
fotbalisté                    fotbalist
propagandistou                propagandist
propagandista                 propagandist
propagandistech               propagandistech
propagandisty                 propagandist
propagandistu                 propagandist
propagandistovi               propagandistov
propagandistům                propagandistum
propagandisto                 propagandist
propagandistů                 propagandist
propagandisté                 propagandist
tramvajáka                    tramvajact
tramvaják                     tramvajak
tramvajákem                   tramvajakem
tramvajácích                  tramvajacich
tramvajáky                    tramvajak
tramvajáku                    tramvajakt
tramvajákovi                  tramvajakov
tramvajákům                   tramvajakum
tramvajáků                    tramvajak
tramvajáci                    tramvajac
školáka                       skolact
školák                        skolak
školákem                      skolakem
školácích                     skolacich
školáky                       skolak
školáku                       skolakt
školákovi                     skolakov
školákům                      skolakum
školáků                       skolak
školáci                       skolac
dějepisče                     dejepisct
dějepisců                     dejepisc
dějepiscem                    dejepiscem
dějepisce                     dejepisc
dějepisci                     dejepisc
dějepiscích                   dejepiscich
dějepisec                     dejepisec
dějepiscům                    dejepiscum
přírodozpytče                 prirodozpytct
přírodozpytců                 prirodozpytc
přírodozpytcem                prirodozpytcem
přírodozpytce                 prirodozpytc
přírodozpytci                 prirodozpytc
přírodozpytcích               prirodozpytcich
přírodozpytec                 prirodozpytec
přírodozpytcům                prirodozpytcum
metodika                      metodict
metodik                       metodik
metodikem                     metodikem
metodicích                    metodicich
metodiky                      metodik
metodiku                      metodikt
metodikovi                    metodikov
metodikům                     metodikum
metodiků                      metodik
metodici                      metodic
psycholozi                    psycholoz
psychologů                    psycholog
psychology                    psycholog
psychologovi                  psychologov
psychologové                  psychologov
psychologa                    psychologt
psychologům                   psychologum
psychologem                   psychologem
psycholog                     psycholog
psycholozích                  psycholozich
psychologu                    psychologt
agronome                      agronom
agronomové                    agronomov
agronoma                      agronomt
agronom                       agronom
agronomech                    agronomech
agronomem                     agronomem
agronomy                      agronom
agronomu                      agronomt
agronomovi                    agronomov
agronomům                     agronomum
agronomů                      agronom
agronomi                      agronom
fotografe                     fotograf
fotografové                   fotografov
fotografa                     fotograft
fotograf                      fotograf
fotografech                   fotografech
fotografem                    fotografem
fotografy                     fotograf
fotografu                     fotograft
fotografovi                   fotografov
fotografům                    fotografum
fotografů                     fotograf
fotografi                     fotograf
kaskadére                     kaskader
kaskadérové                   kaskaderov
kaskadéra                     kaskaderit
kaskadér                      kaskader
kaskadérech                   kaskaderech
kaskadérem                    kaskaderem
kaskadéry                     kaskader
kaskadéru                     kaskadert
kaskadérovi                   kaskaderov
kaskadérům                    kaskaderum
kaskadérů                     kaskader
kaskadéři                     kaskaderit
hoteliére                     hotelier
hoteliérové                   hotelierov
hoteliéra                     hotelierit
hoteliér                      hotelier
hoteliérech                   hotelierech
hoteliérem                    hotelierem
hoteliéry                     hotelier
hoteliéru                     hoteliert
hoteliérovi                   hotelierov
hoteliérům                    hotelierum
hoteliérů                     hotelier
hoteliéři                     hotelierit
boxere                        boxrat
boxerové                      boxerov
boxera                        boxrat
boxer                         boxrat
boxerech                      boxerech
boxerem                       boxerem
boxery                        boxer
boxeru                        boxrat
boxerovi                      boxerov
boxerům                       boxerum
boxerů                        boxer
boxeři                        boxerit
štukatére                     stukater
štukatérové                   stukaterov
štukatéra                     stukaterit
štukatér                      stukater
štukatérech                   stukaterech
štukatérem                    stukaterem
štukatéry                     stukater
štukatéru                     stukatert
štukatérovi                   stukaterov
štukatérům                    stukaterum
štukatérů                     stukater
štukatéři                     stukaterit
plagiátore                    plagiator
plagiátorové                  plagiatorov
plagiátora                    plagiatorit
plagiátor                     plagiator
plagiátorech                  plagiatorech
plagiátorem                   plagiatorem
plagiátory                    plagiator
plagiátoru                    plagiatort
plagiátorovi                  plagiatorov
plagiátorům                   plagiatorum
plagiátorů                    plagiator
plagiátoři                    plagiatorit
glosátore                     glosator
glosátorové                   glosatorov
glosátora                     glosatorit
glosátor                      glosator
glosátorech                   glosatorech
glosátorem                    glosatorem
glosátory                     glosator
glosátoru                     glosatort
glosátorovi                   glosatorov
glosátorům                    glosatorum
glosátorů                     glosator
glosátoři                     glosatorit
američane                     americanout
američana                     americanout
američan                      american
američanech                   americanech
američanem                    americanem
američany                     american
američanu                     americanout
američanovi                   americanov
američanům                    americanum
američané                     american
američanů                     american
američani                     americanout
římane                        rimanout
římana                        rimanout
říman                         riman
římanech                      rimanech
římanem                       rimanem
římany                        riman
římanu                        rimanout
římanovi                      rimanov
římanům                       rimanum
římané                        riman
římanů                        riman
římani                        rimanout
australane                    australanout
australana                    australanout
australan                     australan
australanech                  australanech
australanem                   australanem
australany                    australan
australanu                    australanout
australanovi                  australanov
australanům                   australanum
australané                    australan
australanů                    australan
australani                    australanout
slezane                       slezanout
slezana                       slezanout
slezan                        slezan
slezanech                     slezanech
slezanem                      slezanem
slezany                       slezan
slezanu                       slezanout
slezanovi                     slezanov
slezanům                      slezanum
slezané                       slezan
slezanů                       slezan
slezani                       slezanout
belgičane                     belgicanout
belgičana                     belgicanout
belgičan                      belgican
belgičanech                   belgicanech
belgičanem                    belgicanem
belgičany                     belgican
belgičanu                     belgicanout
belgičanovi                   belgicanov
belgičanům                    belgicanum
belgičané                     belgican
belgičanů                     belgican
belgičani                     belgicanout
thajče                        thajct
thajců                        thajc
thajcem                       thajcem
thajce                        thajc
thajci                        thajc
thajcích                      thajcich
thajec                        thajec
thajcům                       thajcum
brazilče                      brazilct
brazilců                      brazilc
brazilcem                     brazilcem
brazilce                      brazilc
brazilci                      brazilc
brazilcích                    brazilcich
brazilec                      brazilec
brazilcům                     brazilcum
cizinče                       cizinct
cizinců                       cizinc
cizincem                      cizincem
cizince                       cizinc
cizinci                       cizinc
cizincích                     cizincich
cizinec                       cizinec
cizincům                      cizincum
poláka                        polact
polák                         polak
polákem                       polakem
polácích                      polacich
poláky                        polak
poláku                        polakt
polákovi                      polakov
polákům                       polakum
poláků                        polak
poláci                        polac
moraváka                      moravact
moravák                       moravak
moravákem                     moravakem
moravácích                    moravacich
moraváky                      moravak
moraváku                      moravakt
moravákovi                    moravakov
moravákům                     moravakum
moraváků                      moravak
moraváci                      moravac
bulhara                       bulharit
bulhar                        bulhar
bulharem                      bulharem
bulhařích                     bulharich
bulhary                       bulhar
bulharu                       bulhart
bulharovi                     bulharov
bulharům                      bulharum
bulharů                       bulhar
bulhaři                       bulharit
turkům                        turkum
turkem                        turkem
turkovi                       turkov
turky                         turk
turci                         turc
turku                         turkt
turek                         turek
turcích                       turcich
turka                         turct
turků                         turk
budějovičane                  budejovicanout
budějovičana                  budejovicanout
budějovičan                   budejovican
budějovičanech                budejovicanech
budějovičanem                 budejovicanem
budějovičany                  budejovican
budějovičanu                  budejovicanout
budějovičanovi                budejovicanov
budějovičanům                 budejovicanum
budějovičané                  budejovican
budějovičanů                  budejovican
budějovičani                  budejovicanout
pražane                       prazanout
pražana                       prazanout
pražan                        prazan
pražanech                     prazanech
pražanem                      prazanem
pražany                       prazan
pražanu                       prazanout
pražanovi                     prazanov
pražanům                      prazanum
pražané                       prazan
pražanů                       prazan
pražani                       prazanout
občane                        obcanout
občana                        obcanout
občan                         obcan
občanech                      obcanech
občanem                       obcanem
občany                        obcan
občanu                        obcanout
občanovi                      obcanov
občanům                       obcanum
občané                        obcan
občanů                        obcan
občani                        obcanout
venkovane                     venkovanout
venkovana                     venkovanout
venkovan                      venkovan
venkovanech                   venkovanech
venkovanem                    venkovanem
venkovany                     venkovan
venkovanu                     venkovanout
venkovanovi                   venkovanov
venkovanům                    venkovanum
venkované                     venkovan
venkovanů                     venkovan
venkovani                     venkovanout
zálesáka                      zalesact
zálesák                       zalesak
zálesákem                     zalesakem
zálesácích                    zalesacich
zálesáky                      zalesak
zálesáku                      zalesakt
zálesákovi                    zalesakov
zálesákům                     zalesakum
zálesáků                      zalesak
zálesáci                      zalesac
vídeňáka                      videnact
vídeňák                       videnak
vídeňákem                     videnakem
vídeňácích                    videnacich
vídeňáky                      videnak
vídeňáku                      videnakt
vídeňákovi                    videnakov
vídeňákům                     videnakum
vídeňáků                      videnak
vídeňáci                      videnac
přemyslovče                   premyslovct
přemyslovců                   premyslovc
přemyslovcem                  premyslovcem
přemyslovce                   premyslovc
přemyslovci                   premyslovc
přemyslovcích                 premyslovcich
přemyslovec                   premyslovec
přemyslovcům                  premyslovcum
májovče                       majovct
májovců                       majovc
májovcem                      majovcem
májovce                       majovc
májovci                       majovc
májovcích                     majovcich
májovec                       majovec
májovcům                      majovcum
kriminálníka                  kriminalnict
kriminálník                   kriminalnik
kriminálníkem                 kriminalnikem
kriminálnících                kriminalnicich
kriminálníky                  kriminalnik
kriminálníku                  kriminalnikt
kriminálníkovi                kriminalnikov
kriminálníkům                 kriminalnikum
kriminálníků                  kriminalnik
kriminálníci                  kriminalnic
vrstevníka                    vrstevnict
vrstevník                     vrstevnik
vrstevníkem                   vrstevnikem
vrstevnících                  vrstevnicich
vrstevníky                    vrstevnik
vrstevníku                    vrstevnikt
vrstevníkovi                  vrstevnikov
vrstevníkům                   vrstevnikum
vrstevníků                    vrstevnik
vrstevníci                    vrstevnic
straníka                      stranict
straník                       stranik
straníkem                     stranikem
stranících                    stranicich
straníky                      stranik
straníku                      stranikt
straníkovi                    stranikov
straníkům                     stranikum
straníků                      stranik
straníci                      stranic
křižovníka                    krizovnict
křižovník                     krizovnik
křižovníkem                   krizovnikem
křižovnících                  krizovnicich
křižovníky                    krizovnik
křižovníku                    krizovnikt
křižovníkovi                  krizovnikov
křižovníkům                   krizovnikum
křižovníků                    krizovnik
křižovníci                    krizovnic
odboráře                      odborarit
odborář                       odborar
odborářem                     odborarem
odborářích                    odborarich
odborářům                     odborarum
odborářů                      odborar
odboráři                      odborarit
vlajkaře                      vlajkarit
vlajkař                       vlajkar
vlajkařem                     vlajkarem
vlajkařích                    vlajkarich
vlajkařům                     vlajkarum
vlajkařů                      vlajkar
vlajkaři                      vlajkarit
legionáře                     legionarit
legionář                      legionar
legionářem                    legionarem
legionářích                   legionarich
legionářům                    legionarum
legionářů                     legionar
legionáři                     legionarit
milicionáře                   milicionarit
milicionář                    milicionar
milicionářem                  milicionarem
milicionářích                 milicionarich
milicionářům                  milicionarum
milicionářů                   milicionar
milicionáři                   milicionarit
pravičáka                     pravicact
pravičák                      pravicak
pravičákem                    pravicakem
pravičácích                   pravicacich
pravičáky                     pravicak
pravičáku                     pravicakt
pravičákovi                   pravicakov
pravičákům                    pravicakum
pravičáků                     pravicak
pravičáci                     pravicac
svazáka                       svazact
svazák                        svazak
svazákem                      svazakem
svazácích                     svazacich
svazáky                       svazak
svazáku                       svazakt
svazákovi                     svazakov
svazákům                      svazakum
svazáků                       svazak
svazáci                       svazac
anarchistou                   anarchist
anarchista                    anarchist
anarchistech                  anarchistech
anarchisty                    anarchist
anarchistu                    anarchist
anarchistovi                  anarchistov
anarchistům                   anarchistum
anarchisto                    anarchist
anarchistů                    anarchist
anarchisté                    anarchist
pozitivistou                  pozitivist
pozitivista                   pozitivist
pozitivistech                 pozitivistech
pozitivisty                   pozitivist
pozitivistu                   pozitivist
pozitivistovi                 pozitivistov
pozitivistům                  pozitivistum
pozitivisto                   pozitivist
pozitivistů                   pozitivist
pozitivisté                   pozitivist
husitou                       husit
husita                        husit
husitech                      husitech
husity                        husit
husitu                        husit
husitovi                      husitov
husitům                       husitum
husito                        husit
husitů                        husit
husité                        husit
kosmopolitou                  kosmopolit
kosmopolita                   kosmopolit
kosmopolitech                 kosmopolitech
kosmopolity                   kosmopolit
kosmopolitu                   kosmopolit
kosmopolitovi                 kosmopolitov
kosmopolitům                  kosmopolitum
kosmopolito                   kosmopolit
kosmopolitů                   kosmopolit
kosmopolité                   kosmopolit
republikáne                   republikanout
republikánové                 republikanov
republikána                   republikat
republikán                    republikat
republikánech                 republikanech
republikánem                  republikanem
republikány                   republikat
republikánu                   republikanout
republikánovi                 republikanov
republikánům                  republikanum
republikánů                   republikan
republikáni                   republikat
vegetariáne                   vegetarianout
vegetariánové                 vegetarianov
vegetariána                   vegetariat
vegetarián                    vegetariat
vegetariánech                 vegetarianech
vegetariánem                  vegetarianem
vegetariány                   vegetariat
vegetariánu                   vegetarianout
vegetariánovi                 vegetarianov
vegetariánům                  vegetarianum
vegetariánů                   vegetarian
vegetariáni                   vegetariat
schodištím                    schodistim
schodišti                     schodist
schodiště                     schodistet
schodištěm                    schodistem
schodištích                   schodistich
schodišť                      schodist
doskočištím                   doskocistim
doskočišti                    doskocist
doskočiště                    doskocistet
doskočištěm                   doskocistem
doskočištích                  doskocistich
doskočišť                     doskocist
úložištím                     ulozistim
úložišti                      ulozist
úložiště                      ulozistet
úložištěm                     ulozistem
úložištích                    ulozistich
úložišť                       ulozist
brankovištím                  brankovistim
brankovišti                   brankovist
brankoviště                   brankovistet
brankovištěm                  brankovistem
brankovištích                 brankovistich
brankovišť                    brankovist
koupalištím                   koupalistim
koupališti                    koupalist
koupaliště                    koupalistet
koupalištěm                   koupalistem
koupalištích                  koupalistich
koupališť                     koupalist
východiskům                   vychodiskum
východiskem                   vychodiskem
východisce                    vychodisc
východisko                    vychodisk
východisky                    vychodisk
východiskách                  vychodiskach
východisku                    vychodiskt
východisek                    vychodisek
východiscích                  vychodiscich
východiska                    vychodisct
letoviskům                    letoviskum
letoviskem                    letoviskem
letovisce                     letovisc
letovisko                     letovisk
letovisky                     letovisk
letoviskách                   letoviskach
letovisku                     letoviskt
letovisek                     letovisek
letoviscích                   letoviscich
letoviska                     letovisct
střediskům                    strediskum
střediskem                    strediskem
středisce                     stredisc
středisko                     stredisk
středisky                     stredisk
střediskách                   strediskach
středisku                     strediskt
středisek                     stredisek
střediscích                   strediscich
střediska                     stredisct
tělocvičnami                  telocvicnam
tělocvičnou                   telocvicnout
tělocvičně                    telocvicnet
tělocvično                    telocvicn
tělocvičnu                    telocvicnout
tělocvičnám                   telocvicnat
tělocvičen                    telocvict
tělocvičny                    telocvicn
tělocvičnách                  telocvicnach
tělocvična                    telocvicnout
šatnami                       satnam
šatnou                        satnout
šatně                         satnet
šatno                         satn
šatnu                         satnout
šatnám                        satnat
šaten                         saten
šatny                         satn
šatnách                       satnach
šatna                         satnout
čekárnami                     cekarnam
čekárnou                      cekarnout
čekárně                       cekarnet
čekárno                       cekarn
čekárnu                       cekarnout
čekárnám                      cekarnat
čekáren                       cekaren
čekárny                       cekarn
čekárnách                     cekarnach
čekárna                       cekarnout
králíkárnami                  kralikarnam
králíkárnou                   kralikarnout
králíkárně                    kralikarnet
králíkárno                    kralikarn
králíkárnu                    kralikarnout
králíkárnám                   kralikarnat
králíkáren                    kralikaren
králíkárny                    kralikarn
králíkárnách                  kralikarnach
králíkárna                    kralikarnout
pracovnami                    pracovnam
pracovnou                     pracovnout
pracovně                      pracovnet
pracovno                      pracovn
pracovnu                      pracovnout
pracovnám                     pracovnat
pracoven                      pracoven
pracovny                      pracovn
pracovnách                    pracovnach
pracovna                      pracovnout
klubovnami                    klubovnam
klubovnou                     klubovnout
klubovně                      klubovnet
klubovno                      klubovn
klubovnu                      klubovnout
klubovnám                     klubovnat
kluboven                      kluboven
klubovny                      klubovn
klubovnách                    klubovnach
klubovna                      klubovnout
provozovnami                  provozovnam
provozovnou                   provozovnout
provozovně                    provozovnet
provozovno                    provozovn
provozovnu                    provozovnout
provozovnám                   provozovnat
provozoven                    provozoven
provozovny                    provozovn
provozovnách                  provozovnach
provozovna                    provozovnout
čajovnami                     cajovnam
čajovnou                      cajovnout
čajovně                       cajovnet
čajovno                       cajovn
čajovnu                       cajovnout
čajovnám                      cajovnat
čajoven                       cajoven
čajovny                       cajovn
čajovnách                     cajovnach
čajovna                       cajovnout
pražírnami                    prazirnam
pražírnou                     prazirnout
pražírně                      prazirnet
pražírno                      prazirn
pražírnu                      prazirnout
pražírnám                     prazirnat
pražíren                      praziren
pražírny                      prazirn
pražírnách                    prazirnach
pražírna                      prazirnout
strojírnami                   strojirnam
strojírnou                    strojirnout
strojírně                     strojirnet
strojírno                     strojirn
strojírnu                     strojirnout
strojírnám                    strojirnat
strojíren                     strojiren
strojírny                     strojirn
strojírnách                   strojirnach
strojírna                     strojirnout
palírnami                     palirnam
palírnou                      palirnout
palírně                       palirnet
palírno                       palirn
palírnu                       palirnout
palírnám                      palirnat
palíren                       paliren
palírny                       palirn
palírnách                     palirnach
palírna                       palirnout
spořitelnami                  sporitelnam
spořitelnou                   sporitelnout
spořitelně                    sporitelnet
spořitelno                    sporiteln
spořitelnu                    sporitelnout
spořitelnám                   sporitelnat
spořitelen                    sporitelen
spořitelny                    sporiteln
spořitelnách                  sporitelnach
spořitelna                    sporitelnout
nemocnice                     nemocnic
nemocnicím                    nemocnicim
nemocnic                      nemocnic
nemocnicích                   nemocnicich
nemocnicí                     nemocnic
nemocnicemi                   nemocnicem
nemocnici                     nemocnic
lednice                       lednic
lednicím                      lednicim
lednic                        lednic
lednicích                     lednicich
lednicí                       lednic
lednicemi                     lednicem
lednici                       lednic
chudobinců                    chudobinc
chudobincem                   chudobincem
chudobince                    chudobinc
chudobinci                    chudobinc
chudobincích                  chudobincich
chudobinec                    chudobinec
chudobincům                   chudobincum
starobinců                    starobinc
starobincem                   starobincem
starobince                    starobinc
starobinci                    starobinc
starobincích                  starobincich
starobinec                    starobinec
starobincům                   starobincum
hřebčinců                     hrebcinc
hřebčincem                    hrebcincem
hřebčince                     hrebcinc
hřebčinci                     hrebcinc
hřebčincích                   hrebcincich
hřebčinec                     hrebcinec
hřebčincům                    hrebcincum
prasečinců                    prasecinc
prasečincem                   prasecincem
prasečince                    prasecinc
prasečinci                    prasecinc
prasečincích                  prasecincich
prasečinec                    prasecinec
prasečincům                   prasecincum
hřebčíne                      hrebcinout
hřebčín                       hrebcin
hřebčínech                    hrebcinech
hřebčínem                     hrebcinem
hřebčíny                      hrebcin
hřebčínu                      hrebcinout
hřebčínům                     hrebcinum
hřebčíně                      hrebcinet
hřebčínů                      hrebcin
vepříne                       veprinout
vepřín                        veprin
vepřínech                     veprinech
vepřínem                      veprinem
vepříny                       veprin
vepřínu                       veprinout
vepřínům                      veprinum
vepříně                       veprinet
vepřínů                       veprin
smrčinou                      smrcinout
smrčin                        smrcin
smrčina                       smrcinout
smrčinám                      smrcinat
smrčiny                       smrcin
smrčinu                       smrcinout
smrčinami                     smrcinam
smrčině                       smrcinet
smrčinách                     smrcinach
smrčino                       smrcin
krajinou                      krajinout
krajin                        krajin
krajina                       krajinout
krajinám                      krajinat
krajiny                       krajin
krajinu                       krajinout
krajinami                     krajinam
krajině                       krajinet
krajinách                     krajinach
krajino                       krajin
vysočinou                     vysocinout
vysočin                       vysocin
vysočina                      vysocinout
vysočinám                     vysocinat
vysočiny                      vysocin
vysočinu                      vysocinout
vysočinami                    vysocinam
vysočině                      vysocinet
vysočinách                    vysocinach
vysočino                      vysocin
úžinou                        uzinout
úžin                          uzin
úžina                         uzinout
úžinám                        uzinat
úžiny                         uzin
úžinu                         uzinout
úžinami                       uzinam
úžině                         uzinet
úžinách                       uzinach
úžino                         uzin
holubníkům                    holubnikum
holubníkem                    holubnikem
holubníky                     holubnik
holubníku                     holubnikt
holubník                      holubnik
holubnících                   holubnicich
holubníků                     holubnik
divadle                       divadl
divadlům                      divadlum
divadly                       divadt
divadlech                     divadlech
divadla                       divadt
divadlem                      divadlem
divadlo                       divadt
divadel                       divadet
divadlu                       divadlt
bělidle                       belidl
bělidlům                      belidlum
bělidly                       belidt
bělidlech                     belidlech
bělidla                       belidt
bělidlem                      belidlem
bělidlo                       belidt
bělidel                       belidet
bělidlu                       belidlt
cukřenkou                     cukrenkt
cukřenko                      cukrenk
cukřence                      cukrenc
cukřenkách                    cukrenkach
cukřenky                      cukrenk
cukřenku                      cukrenkt
cukřenek                      cukrenek
cukřenka                      cukrenct
cukřenkám                     cukrenkat
cukřenkami                    cukrenkam
peněženkou                    penezenkt
peněženko                     penezenk
peněžence                     penezenc
peněženkách                   penezenkach
peněženky                     penezenk
peněženku                     penezenkt
peněženek                     penezenek
peněženka                     penezenct
peněženkám                    penezenkat
peněženkami                   penezenkam
květináče                     kvetinact
květináč                      kvetinact
květináčem                    kvetinacem
květináčích                   kvetinacich
květináčům                    kvetinacum
květináči                     kvetinac
květináčů                     kvetinac
herbáře                       herbarit
herbář                        herbar
herbářem                      herbarem
herbářích                     herbarich
herbářům                      herbarum
herbáři                       herbarit
herbářů                       herbar
relikviáře                    relikviarit
relikviář                     relikviar
relikviářem                   relikviarem
relikviářích                  relikviarich
relikviářům                   relikviarum
relikviáři                    relikviarit
relikviářů                    relikviar
laboratoře                    laboratorit
laboratořím                   laboratorim
laboratoř                     laborator
laboratořích                  laboratorich
laboratoří                    laborator
laboratořemi                  laboratorem
laboratoři                    laboratorit
periferie                     perifer
periferiím                    periferiim
periferiích                   periferiich
periferií                     perifer
periferiemi                   periferiem
periferii                     perifer
krematoriím                   krematoriim
krematoria                    krematorit
krematorium                   krematorium
krematoriem                   krematoriem
krematoriích                  krematoriich
krematoriu                    krematorit
krematorií                    kremator
krematorii                    kremator
srbkou                        srbkt
srbko                         srbk
srbce                         srbc
srbkách                       srbkach
srbky                         srbk
srbku                         srbkt
srbek                         srbek
srbka                         srbct
srbkám                        srbkat
srbkami                       srbkam
vnučkou                       vnuckt
vnučko                        vnuck
vnučce                        vnucc
vnučkách                      vnuckach
vnučky                        vnuck
vnučku                        vnuckt
vnuček                        vnucek
vnučka                        vnucct
vnučkám                       vnuckat
vnučkami                      vnuckam
manželkou                     manzelkt
manželko                      manzelk
manželce                      manzelc
manželkách                    manzelkach
manželky                      manzelk
manželku                      manzelkt
manželek                      manzelek
manželka                      manzelct
manželkám                     manzelkat
manželkami                    manzelkam
uklízečkou                    uklizeckt
uklízečko                     uklizeck
uklízečce                     uklizecc
uklízečkách                   uklizeckach
uklízečky                     uklizeck
uklízečku                     uklizeckt
uklízeček                     uklizecek
uklízečka                     uklizecct
uklízečkám                    uklizeckat
uklízečkami                   uklizeckam
hudebnice                     hudebnic
hudebnicím                    hudebnicim
hudebnic                      hudebnic
hudebnicích                   hudebnicich
hudebnicí                     hudebnic
hudebnicemi                   hudebnicem
hudebnici                     hudebnic
uprchlice                     uprchlic
uprchlicím                    uprchlicim
uprchlic                      uprchlic
uprchlicích                   uprchlicich
uprchlicí                     uprchlic
uprchlicemi                   uprchlicem
uprchlici                     uprchlic
světice                       svetic
světicím                      sveticim
světic                        svetic
světicích                     sveticich
světicí                       svetic
světicemi                     sveticem
světici                       svetic
krasavice                     krasavic
krasavicím                    krasavicim
krasavic                      krasavic
krasavicích                   krasavicich
krasavicí                     krasavic
krasavicemi                   krasavicem
krasavici                     krasavic
ministryním                   ministrynim
ministryněmi                  ministrynem
ministryních                  ministrynich
ministryní                    ministryn
ministryně                    ministrynet
ministryni                    ministrynout
kolegyním                     kolegynim
kolegyněmi                    kolegynem
kolegyních                    kolegynich
kolegyní                      kolegyn
kolegyně                      kolegynet
kolegyni                      kolegynout
umělkyním                     umelkynim
umělkyněmi                    umelkynem
umělkyních                    umelkynich
umělkyní                      umelkyn
umělkyně                      umelkynet
umělkyni                      umelkynout
žalobkyním                    zalobkynim
žalobkyněmi                   zalobkynem
žalobkyních                   zalobkynich
žalobkyní                     zalobkyn
žalobkyně                     zalobkynet
žalobkyni                     zalobkynout
královnami                    kralovnam
královnou                     kralovnout
královně                      kralovnet
královno                      kralovn
královnu                      kralovnout
královnám                     kralovnat
královen                      kraloven
královny                      kralovn
královnách                    kralovnach
královna                      kralovnout
holubice                      holubic
holubicím                     holubicim
holubic                       holubic
holubicích                    holubicich
holubicí                      holubic
holubicemi                    holubicem
holubici                      holubic
čertice                       certic
čerticím                      certicim
čertic                        certic
čerticích                     certicich
čerticí                       certic
čerticemi                     certicem
čertici                       certic
kněžnami                      kneznam
kněžnou                       kneznout
kněžně                        kneznet
kněžno                        knezn
kněžnu                        kneznout
kněžnám                       kneznat
kněžen                        knezit
kněžny                        knezn
kněžnách                      kneznach
kněžna                        kneznout
vlče                          vlct
vlčatech                      vlcatech
vlčaty                        vlcnout
vlčeti                        vlcet
vlčetem                       vlcetem
vlčatům                       vlcatum
vlčata                        vlcnout
vlčat                         vlcnout
vlčete                        vlct
holoubatech                   holoubatech
holoubaty                     holoubnout
holoubětem                    holoubetem
holoubatům                    holoubatum
holouběte                     holoubet
holoubata                     holoubnout
holoubat                      holoubnout
holouběti                     holoubet
holoubě                       holoubet
dělnictvo                     delnictv
dělnictvu                     delnictvt
dělnictvech                   delnictvech
dělnictva                     delnictvt
dělnictvem                    delnictvem
dělnictvům                    delnictvum
dělnictev                     delnictev
dělnictvy                     delnictv
obyvatelstvo                  obyvatelstv
obyvatelstvu                  obyvatelstvt
obyvatelstvech                obyvatelstvech
obyvatelstva                  obyvatelstvt
obyvatelstvem                 obyvatelstvem
obyvatelstvům                 obyvatelstvum
obyvatelstev                  obyvatelstev
obyvatelstvy                  obyvatelstv
živočišstvo                   zivocisstv
živočišstvu                   zivocisstvt
živočišstvech                 zivocisstvech
živočišstva                   zivocisstvt
živočišstvem                  zivocisstvem
živočišstvům                  zivocisstvum
živočišstev                   zivocisstev
živočišstvy                   zivocisstv
borůvčí                       boruvc
borůvčím                      boruvcim
borůvčích                     boruvcich
borůvčími                     boruvcim
uhlí                          uhl
uhlím                         uhlim
uhlích                        uhlich
uhlími                        uhlim
cukroví                       cukrov
cukrovím                      cukrovim
cukrovích                     cukrovich
cukrovími                     cukrovim
souostroví                    souostrov
souostrovím                   souostrovim
souostrovích                  souostrovich
souostrovími                  souostrovim
křovinou                      krovinout
křovin                        krovin
křovina                       krovinout
křovinám                      krovinat
křoviny                       krovin
křovinu                       krovinout
křovinami                     krovinam
křovině                       krovinet
křovinách                     krovinach
křovino                       krovin
čeledíne                      celedinout
čeledínové                    celedinov
čeledína                      celedinout
čeledín                       celedin
čeledínech                    celedinech
čeledínem                     celedinem
čeledíny                      celedin
čeledínu                      celedinout
čeledínovi                    celedinov
čeledínům                     celedinum
čeledínů                      celedin
čeledíni                      celedinout
krvinkou                      krvinkt
krvinko                       krvink
krvince                       krvinc
krvinkách                     krvinkach
krvinky                       krvink
krvinku                       krvinkt
krvinek                       krvinek
krvinka                       krvinct
krvinkám                      krvinkat
krvinkami                     krvinkam
hříbkům                       hribkum
hříbkem                       hribkem
hříbkách                      hribkach
hříbky                        hribk
hříbku                        hribkt
hříbek                        hribek
hříbcích                      hribcich
hříbků                        hribk
samečkům                      sameckum
samečkem                      sameckem
samečkovi                     sameckov
samečky                       sameck
samečci                       samecc
samečku                       sameckt
sameček                       samecek
samečcích                     sameccich
samečka                       samecct
samečků                       sameck
keříkům                       kerikum
keříkem                       kerikem
keříky                        kerik
keříku                        kerikt
keřík                         kerik
keřících                      kericich
keříků                        kerik
zuzankou                      zuzankt
zuzanko                       zuzank
zuzance                       zuzanc
zuzankách                     zuzankach
zuzanky                       zuzank
zuzanku                       zuzankt
zuzanek                       zuzanek
zuzanka                       zuzanct
zuzankám                      zuzankat
zuzankami                     zuzankam
ivankou                       ivankt
ivanko                        ivank
ivance                        ivanc
ivankách                      ivankach
ivanky                        ivank
ivanku                        ivankt
ivanek                        ivanek
ivanka                        ivanct
ivankám                       ivankat
ivankami                      ivankam
prádélkům                     pradelkum
prádélkem                     pradelkem
prádélko                      pradelk
prádélky                      pradelk
prádélkách                    pradelkach
prádélku                      pradelkt
prádélek                      pradelek
prádélka                      pradelct
želízkům                      zelizkum
želízkem                      zelizkem
želízko                       zelizk
želízky                       zelizk
želízkách                     zelizkach
želízku                       zelizkt
želízek                       zelizek
želízka                       zelizct
poupátkům                     poupatkum
poupátkem                     poupatkem
poupátko                      poupatk
poupátky                      poupatk
poupátkách                    poupatkach
poupátku                      poupatkt
poupátek                      poupatek
poupátka                      poupatct
domečkům                      domeckum
domečkem                      domeckem
domečkách                     domeckach
domečky                       domeck
domečku                       domeckt
domeček                       domecek
domečcích                     domeccich
domečků                       domeck
bratříčkům                    bratrickum
bratříčkem                    bratrickem
bratříčkovi                   bratrickov
bratříčky                     bratrick
bratříčci                     bratricc
bratříčku                     bratrickt
bratříček                     bratricek
bratříčcích                   bratriccich
bratříčka                     bratricct
bratříčků                     bratrick
kostelíčkům                   kostelickum
kostelíčkem                   kostelickem
kostelíčkách                  kostelickach
kostelíčky                    kostelick
kostelíčku                    kostelickt
kostelíček                    kostelicek
kostelíčcích                  kosteliccich
kostelíčků                    kostelick
chybičkou                     chybickt
chybičko                      chybick
chybičce                      chybicc
chybičkách                    chybickach
chybičky                      chybick
chybičku                      chybickt
chybiček                      chybicek
chybička                      chybicct
chybičkám                     chybickat
chybičkami                    chybickam
slzičkou                      slzickt
slzičko                       slzick
slzičce                       slzicc
slzičkách                     slzickach
slzičky                       slzick
slzičku                       slzickt
slziček                       slzicek
slzička                       slzicct
slzičkám                      slzickat
slzičkami                     slzickam
blůzičkou                     bluzickt
blůzičko                      bluzick
blůzičce                      bluzicc
blůzičkách                    bluzickach
blůzičky                      bluzick
blůzičku                      bluzickt
blůziček                      bluzicek
blůzička                      bluzicct
blůzičkám                     bluzickat
blůzičkami                    bluzickam
kůstečkou                     kusteckt
kůstečko                      kusteck
kůstečce                      kustecc
kůstečkách                    kusteckach
kůstečky                      kusteck
kůstečku                      kusteckt
kůsteček                      kustecek
kůstečka                      kustecct
kůstečkám                     kusteckat
kůstečkami                    kusteckam
nádobíčkům                    nadobickum
nádobíčkem                    nadobickem
nádobíčko                     nadobick
nádobíčky                     nadobick
nádobíčkách                   nadobickach
nádobíčku                     nadobickt
nádobíček                     nadobicek
nádobíčka                     nadobicct
masíčkům                      masickum
masíčkem                      masickem
masíčko                       masick
masíčky                       masick
masíčkách                     masickach
masíčku                       masickt
masíček                       masicek
masíčka                       masicct
teplíčkům                     teplickum
teplíčkem                     teplickem
teplíčko                      teplick
teplíčky                      teplick
teplíčkách                    teplickach
teplíčku                      teplickt
teplíček                      teplicek
teplíčka                      teplicct
zrníčkům                      zrnickum
zrníčkem                      zrnickem
zrníčko                       zrnick
zrníčky                       zrnick
zrníčkách                     zrnickach
zrníčku                       zrnickt
zrníček                       zrnicek
zrníčka                       zrnicct
očičkům                       ocickum
očičkem                       ocickem
očičko                        ocick
očičky                        ocick
očičkách                      ocickach
očičku                        ocickt
očiček                        ocicek
očička                        ocicct
městečkům                     mesteckum
městečkem                     mesteckem
městečko                      mesteck
městečky                      mesteck
městečkách                    mesteckach
městečku                      mesteckt
městeček                      mestecek
městečka                      mestecct
zrnéčkům                      zrneckum
zrnéčkem                      zrneckem
zrnéčko                       zrneck
zrnéčky                       zrneck
zrnéčkách                     zrneckach
zrnéčku                       zrneckt
zrnéček                       zrnecek
zrnéčka                       zrnecct
nosánkům                      nosankum
nosánkem                      nosankem
nosánkách                     nosankach
nosánky                       nosank
nosánku                       nosankt
nosánek                       nosanek
nosáncích                     nosancich
nosánků                       nosank
tatínkům                      tatinkum
tatínkem                      tatinkem
tatínkovi                     tatinkov
tatínky                       tatink
tatínci                       tatinc
tatínku                       tatinkt
tatínek                       tatinek
tatíncích                     tatincich
tatínka                       tatinct
tatínků                       tatink
synáčkům                      synackum
synáčkem                      synackem
synáčkovi                     synackov
synáčky                       synack
synáčci                       synacc
synáčku                       synackt
synáček                       synacek
synáčcích                     synaccich
synáčka                       synacct
synáčků                       synack
dědouškům                     dedouskum
dědouškem                     dedouskem
dědouškovi                    dedouskov
dědoušky                      dedousk
dědoušci                      dedousc
dědoušku                      dedouskt
dědoušek                      dedousek
dědoušcích                    dedouscich
dědouška                      dedousct
dědoušků                      dedousk
šavlenkou                     savlenkt
šavlenko                      savlenk
šavlence                      savlenc
šavlenkách                    savlenkach
šavlenky                      savlenk
šavlenku                      savlenkt
šavlenek                      savlenek
šavlenka                      savlenct
šavlenkám                     savlenkat
šavlenkami                    savlenkam
tetinkou                      tetinkt
tetinko                       tetink
tetince                       tetinc
tetinkách                     tetinkach
tetinky                       tetink
tetinku                       tetinkt
tetinek                       tetinek
tetinka                       tetinct
tetinkám                      tetinkat
tetinkami                     tetinkam
dceruškou                     dceruskt
dceruško                      dcerusk
dcerušce                      dcerusc
dceruškách                    dceruskach
dcerušky                      dcerusk
dcerušku                      dceruskt
dcerušek                      dcerusek
dceruška                      dcerusct
dceruškám                     dceruskat
dceruškami                    dceruskam
maminečkou                    mamineckt
maminečko                     mamineck
maminečce                     maminecc
maminečkách                   mamineckach
maminečky                     mamineck
maminečku                     mamineckt
mamineček                     maminecek
maminečka                     maminecct
maminečkám                    mamineckat
maminečkami                   mamineckam
psiskům                       psiskum
psiskem                       psiskem
psisko                        psisk
psisky                        psisk
psiskách                      psiskach
psisku                        psiskt
psisek                        psisek
psiska                        psisct
čertiskům                     certiskum
čertiskem                     certiskem
čertisko                      certisk
čertisky                      certisk
čertiskách                    certiskach
čertisku                      certiskt
čertisek                      certisek
čertiska                      certisct
hadice                        hadic
hadicím                       hadicim
hadic                         hadic
hadicích                      hadicich
hadicí                        hadic
hadicemi                      hadicem
hadici                        hadic
praporců                      praporc
praporcem                     praporcem
praporce                      praporc
praporci                      praporc
praporcích                    praporcich
praporec                      praporec
praporcům                     praporcum
hrabištím                     hrabistim
hrabišti                      hrabist
hrabiště                      hrabistet
hrabištěm                     hrabistem
hrabištích                    hrabistich
hrabišť                       hrabist
pražců                        prazc
pražcem                       prazcem
pražce                        prazc
pražci                        prazc
pražcích                      prazcich
pražec                        prazec
pražcům                       prazcum
jabloním                      jablonim
jabloně                       jablonet
jabloní                       jablon
jabloních                     jablonich
jabloň                        jablonout
jabloni                       jablonout
jabloněmi                     jablonem
doručenkou                    dorucenkt
doručenko                     dorucenk
doručence                     dorucenc
doručenkách                   dorucenkach
doručenky                     dorucenk
doručenku                     dorucenkt
doručenek                     dorucenek
doručenka                     dorucenct
doručenkám                    dorucenkat
doručenkami                   dorucenkam
umístěnkou                    umistenkt
umístěnko                     umistenk
umístěnce                     umistenc
umístěnkách                   umistenkach
umístěnky                     umistenk
umístěnku                     umistenkt
umístěnek                     umistenek
umístěnka                     umistenct
umístěnkám                    umistenkat
umístěnkami                   umistenkam
zbabělče                      zbabelct
zbabělců                      zbabelc
zbabělcem                     zbabelcem
zbabělce                      zbabelc
zbabělci                      zbabelc
zbabělcích                    zbabelcich
zbabělec                      zbabelec
zbabělcům                     zbabelcum
kobylinců                     kobylinc
kobylincem                    kobylincem
kobylince                     kobylinc
kobylinci                     kobylinc
kobylincích                   kobylincich
kobylinec                     kobylinec
kobylincům                    kobylincum
smrtelníka                    smrtelnict
smrtelník                     smrtelnik
smrtelníkem                   smrtelnikem
smrtelnících                  smrtelnicich
smrtelníky                    smrtelnik
smrtelníku                    smrtelnikt
smrtelníkovi                  smrtelnikov
smrtelníkům                   smrtelnikum
smrtelníků                    smrtelnik
smrtelníci                    smrtelnic
makovníkům                    makovnikum
makovníkem                    makovnikem
makovníky                     makovnik
makovníku                     makovnikt
makovník                      makovnik
makovnících                   makovnicich
makovníků                     makovnik
pomerančovníkům               pomerancovnikum
pomerančovníkem               pomerancovnikem
pomerančovníky                pomerancovnik
pomerančovníku                pomerancovnikt
pomerančovník                 pomerancovnik
pomerančovnících              pomerancovnicich
pomerančovníků                pomerancovnik
spacákům                      spacakum
spacákem                      spacakem
spacáky                       spacak
spacáku                       spacakt
spacák                        spacak
spacácích                     spacacich
spacáků                       spacak
náklaďákům                    nakladakum
náklaďákem                    nakladakem
náklaďáky                     nakladak
náklaďáku                     nakladakt
náklaďák                      nakladak
náklaďácích                   nakladacich
náklaďáků                     nakladak
hrbáče                        hrbact
hrbáč                         hrbact
hrbáčem                       hrbacem
hrbáčích                      hrbacich
hrbáčům                       hrbacum
hrbáčů                        hrbac
hrbáči                        hrbac
břicháče                      brichact
břicháč                       brichact
břicháčem                     brichacem
břicháčích                    brichacich
břicháčům                     brichacum
břicháčů                      brichac
břicháči                      brichac
svátkům                       svatkum
svátkem                       svatkem
svátkách                      svatkach
svátky                        svatk
svátku                        svatkt
svátek                        svatek
svátcích                      svatcich
svátků                        svatk
volňáskům                     volnaskum
volňáskem                     volnaskem
volňáskách                    volnaskach
volňásky                      volnask
volňásku                      volnaskt
volňásek                      volnasek
volňáscích                    volnascich
volňásků                      volnask
kliďase                       klidasit
kliďas                        klidasit
kliďasem                      klidasem
kliďasích                     klidasich
kliďasům                      klidasum
kliďasů                       klidas
kliďasi                       klidas
starouše                      starous
starouš                       starous
staroušem                     starousem
starouších                    starousich
staroušům                     starousum
staroušů                      starous
starouši                      starous
hroznýše                      hroznys
hroznýš                       hroznys
hroznýšem                     hroznysem
hroznýších                    hroznysich
hroznýšům                     hroznysum
hroznýšů                      hroznys
hroznýši                      hroznys
vztekloune                    vzteklounout
vzteklounové                  vzteklounov
vzteklouna                    vzteklounout
vztekloun                     vztekloun
vzteklounech                  vzteklounech
vzteklounem                   vzteklounem
vzteklouny                    vztekloun
vzteklounu                    vzteklounout
vzteklounovi                  vzteklounov
vzteklounům                   vzteklounum
vzteklounů                    vztekloun
vzteklouni                    vzteklounout
slabocha                      slabocht
slaboch                       slaboch
slabochem                     slabochem
slaboších                     slabosich
slabochy                      slaboch
slabochu                      slabocht
slabochovi                    slabochov
slabochům                     slabochum
slabochů                      slaboch
slaboši                       slabos
feudále                       feudal
feudál                        feudat
feudálech                     feudalech
feudálem                      feudalem
feudály                       feudat
feudálu                       feudalt
feudálům                      feudalum
feudálů                       feudal
plechovkou                    plechovkt
plechovko                     plechovk
plechovce                     plechovc
plechovkách                   plechovkach
plechovky                     plechovk
plechovku                     plechovkt
plechovek                     plechovek
plechovka                     plechovct
plechovkám                    plechovkat
plechovkami                   plechovkam
večernice                     vecernic
večernicím                    vecernicim
večernic                      vecernic
večernicích                   vecernicich
večernicí                     vecernic
večernicemi                   vecernicem
večernici                     vecernic
brokovnice                    brokovnic
brokovnicím                   brokovnicim
brokovnic                     brokovnic
brokovnicích                  brokovnicich
brokovnicí                    brokovnic
brokovnicemi                  brokovnicem
brokovnici                    brokovnic
angličtinou                   anglictinout
angličtin                     anglictin
angličtina                    anglictinout
angličtinám                   anglictinat
angličtiny                    anglictin
angličtinu                    anglictinout
angličtinami                  anglictinam
angličtině                    anglictinet
angličtinách                  anglictinach
angličtino                    anglictin
chmelovinou                   chmelovinout
chmelovin                     chmelovin
chmelovina                    chmelovinout
chmelovinám                   chmelovinat
chmeloviny                    chmelovin
chmelovinu                    chmelovinout
chmelovinami                  chmelovinam
chmelovině                    chmelovinet
chmelovinách                  chmelovinach
chmelovino                    chmelovin
slonovinou                    slonovinout
slonovin                      slonovin
slonovina                     slonovinout
slonovinám                    slonovinat
slonoviny                     slonovin
slonovinu                     slonovinout
slonovinami                   slonovinam
slonovině                     slonovinet
slonovinách                   slonovinach
slonovino                     slonovin
bledule                       bledul
bledulím                      bledulim
bledulích                     bledulich
bledulí                       bledul
bledulemi                     bledulem
bleduli                       bledut
světluškou                    svetluskt
světluško                     svetlusk
světlušce                     svetlusc
světluškách                   svetluskach
světlušky                     svetlusk
světlušku                     svetluskt
světlušek                     svetlusek
světluška                     svetlusct
světluškám                    svetluskat
světluškami                   svetluskam
rajče                         rajct
rajčatech                     rajcatech
rajčaty                       rajcnout
rajčeti                       rajcet
rajčetem                      rajcetem
rajčatům                      rajcatum
rajčata                       rajcnout
rajčat                        rajcnout
rajčete                       rajct
ubožátkům                     ubozatkum
ubožátkem                     ubozatkem
ubožátko                      ubozatk
ubožátky                      ubozatk
ubožátkách                    ubozatkach
ubožátku                      ubozatkt
ubožátek                      ubozatek
ubožátka                      ubozatct
drobátkům                     drobatkum
drobátkem                     drobatkem
drobátko                      drobatk
drobátky                      drobatk
drobátkách                    drobatkach
drobátku                      drobatkt
drobátek                      drobatek
drobátka                      drobatct
knihkupectví                  knihkupectv
knihkupectvím                 knihkupectvim
knihkupectvích                knihkupectvich
knihkupectvími                knihkupectvim
pekařství                     pekarstv
pekařstvím                    pekarstvim
pekařstvích                   pekarstvich
pekařstvími                   pekarstvim
nezničitelnost                neznicitelnost
nezničitelnostech             neznicitelnostech
nezničitelnostem              neznicitelnostem
nezničitelností               neznicitelnostit
nezničitelnostmi              neznicitelnostm
nezničitelnosti               neznicitelnostit
sobeckost                     sobeckost
sobeckostech                  sobeckostech
sobeckostem                   sobeckostem
sobeckostí                    sobeckostit
sobeckostmi                   sobeckostm
sobeckosti                    sobeckostit
demokratičnost                demokraticnost
demokratičnostech             demokraticnostech
demokratičnostem              demokraticnostem
demokratičností               demokraticnostit
demokratičnostmi              demokraticnostm
demokratičnosti               demokraticnostit
svěžest                       svezest
svěžestech                    svezestech
svěžestem                     svezestem
svěžestí                      svezestit
svěžestmi                     svezestm
svěžesti                      svezestit
obrozenství                   obrozenstv
obrozenstvím                  obrozenstvim
obrozenstvích                 obrozenstvich
obrozenstvími                 obrozenstvim
darebáctví                    darebactv
darebáctvím                   darebactvim
darebáctvích                  darebactvich
darebáctvími                  darebactvim
smilstvo                      smilstv
smilstvu                      smilstvt
smilstvech                    smilstvech
smilstva                      smilstvt
smilstvem                     smilstvem
smilstvům                     smilstvum
smilstev                      smilstev
smilstvy                      smilstv
kantořinou                    kantorinout
kantořin                      kantorin
kantořina                     kantorinout
kantořinám                    kantorinat
kantořiny                     kantorin
kantořinu                     kantorinout
kantořinami                   kantorinam
kantořině                     kantorinet
kantořinách                   kantorinach
kantořino                     kantorin
volovinou                     volovinout
volovin                       volovin
volovina                      volovinout
volovinám                     volovinat
voloviny                      volovin
volovinu                      volovinout
volovinami                    volovinam
volovině                      volovinet
volovinách                    volovinach
volovino                      volovin
intelektuálštinou             intelektualstinout
intelektuálštin               intelektualstin
intelektuálština              intelektualstinout
intelektuálštinám             intelektualstinat
intelektuálštiny              intelektualstin
intelektuálštinu              intelektualstinout
intelektuálštinami            intelektualstinam
intelektuálštině              intelektualstinet
intelektuálštinách            intelektualstinach
intelektuálštino              intelektualstin
nahotou                       nahot
nahot                         nahot
nahota                        nahot
nahotám                       nahotat
nahoty                        nahot
nahotu                        nahot
nahotami                      nahotam
nahotě                        nahotet
nahotách                      nahotach
nahoto                        nahot
chudobou                      chudobt
chudob                        chudob
chudoba                       chudobt
chudobám                      chudobat
chudoby                       chudob
chudobu                       chudobt
chudobami                     chudobam
chudobě                       chudobet
chudobách                     chudobach
chudobo                       chudob
hloubkou                      hloubkt
hloubko                       hloubk
hloubce                       hloubc
hloubkách                     hloubkach
hloubky                       hloubk
hloubku                       hloubkt
hloubek                       hloubek
hloubka                       hloubct
hloubkám                      hloubkat
hloubkami                     hloubkam
tragičně                      tragicnet
tragičnem                     tragicnem
tragično                      tragicn
tragičnu                      tragicnout
tragičen                      tragict
tragičny                      tragicn
tragičnech                    tragicnech
tragičnům                     tragicnum
tragična                      tragicnout
žádoucně                      zadoucnet
žádoucnem                     zadoucnem
žádoucno                      zadoucn
žádoucnu                      zadoucnout
žádoucen                      zadoucen
žádoucny                      zadoucn
žádoucnech                    zadoucnech
žádoucnům                     zadoucnum
žádoucna                      zadoucnout
tragikou                      tragikt
tragiko                       tragik
tragice                       tragic
tragikách                     tragikach
tragiky                       tragik
tragiku                       tragikt
tragik                        tragik
tragika                       tragict
tragikám                      tragikat
tragikami                     tragikam
elegance                      eleganc
elegancím                     elegancim
elegancích                    elegancich
elegancí                      eleganc
elegancemi                    elegancem
eleganci                      eleganc
koherence                     koherenc
koherencím                    koherencim
koherencích                   koherencich
koherencí                     koherenc
koherencemi                   koherencem
koherenci                     koherenc
tyranie                       tyran
tyraniím                      tyraniim
tyraniích                     tyraniich
tyranií                       tyran
tyraniemi                     tyraniem
tyranii                       tyran
kandidatury                   kandidatur
kandidatur                    kandidatur
kandidaturách                 kandidaturach
kandidatuře                   kandidaturit
kandidaturu                   kandidaturt
kandidaturou                  kandidaturt
kandidaturo                   kandidatur
kandidatura                   kandidaturit
kandidaturám                  kandidaturat
kandidaturami                 kandidaturam
nositele                      nositel
nositel                       nositet
nositelem                     nositelem
nositelích                    nositelich
nositelům                     nositelum
nositeli                      nositet
nositelů                      nositel
nositelé                      nositel
vychovatele                   vychovatel
vychovatel                    vychovatet
vychovatelem                  vychovatelem
vychovatelích                 vychovatelich
vychovatelům                  vychovatelum
vychovateli                   vychovatet
vychovatelů                   vychovatel
vychovatelé                   vychovatel
žalobcové                     zalobcov
žalobce                       zalobc
žalobcem                      zalobcem
žalobcích                     zalobcich
žalobcovi                     zalobcov
žalobcům                      zalobcum
žalobců                       zalobc
žalobci                       zalobc
velitele                      velitel
velitel                       velitet
velitelem                     velitelem
velitelích                    velitelich
velitelům                     velitelum
veliteli                      velitet
velitelů                      velitel
velitelé                      velitel
nakladače                     nakladact
nakladač                      nakladact
nakladačem                    nakladacem
nakladačích                   nakladacich
nakladačům                    nakladacum
nakladači                     nakladac
nakladačů                     nakladac
chodče                        chodct
chodců                        chodc
chodcem                       chodcem
chodce                        chodc
chodci                        chodc
chodcích                      chodcich
chodec                        chodec
chodcům                       chodcum
popravčí                      popravc
popravčího                    popravcih
popravčímu                    popravcimt
popravčím                     popravcim
popravčích                    popravcich
popravčími                    popravcim
šplhoune                      splhounout
šplhounové                    splhounov
šplhouna                      splhounout
šplhoun                       splhoun
šplhounech                    splhounech
šplhounem                     splhounem
šplhouny                      splhoun
šplhounu                      splhounout
šplhounovi                    splhounov
šplhounům                     splhounum
šplhounů                      splhoun
šplhouni                      splhounout
redaktore                     redaktor
redaktora                     redaktorit
redaktor                      redaktor
redaktorech                   redaktorech
redaktorem                    redaktorem
redaktory                     redaktor
redaktoru                     redaktort
redaktorovi                   redaktorov
redaktorům                    redaktorum
redaktorů                     redaktor
redaktoři                     redaktorit
maturante                     maturant
maturanta                     maturant
maturant                      maturant
maturantech                   maturantech
maturantem                    maturantem
maturanty                     maturant
maturantu                     maturant
maturantovi                   maturantov
maturantům                    maturantum
maturantů                     maturant
maturanti                     maturant
producente                    producent
producenta                    producent
producent                     producent
producentech                  producentech
producentem                   producentem
producenty                    producent
producentu                    producent
producentovi                  producentov
producentům                   producentum
producentů                    producent
producenti                    producent
vysílače                      vysilact
vysílač                       vysilact
vysílačem                     vysilacem
vysílačích                    vysilacich
vysílačům                     vysilacum
vysílači                      vysilac
vysílačů                      vysilac
pohrabáče                     pohrabact
pohrabáč                      pohrabact
pohrabáčem                    pohrabacem
pohrabáčích                   pohrabacich
pohrabáčům                    pohrabacum
pohrabáči                     pohrabac
pohrabáčů                     pohrabac
houpačkou                     houpackt
houpačko                      houpack
houpačce                      houpacc
houpačkách                    houpackach
houpačky                      houpack
houpačku                      houpackt
houpaček                      houpacek
houpačka                      houpacct
houpačkám                     houpackat
houpačkami                    houpackam
sedadle                       sedadl
sedadlům                      sedadlum
sedadly                       sedadt
sedadlech                     sedadlech
sedadla                       sedadt
sedadlem                      sedadlem
sedadlo                       sedadt
sedadel                       sedadet
sedadlu                       sedadlt
ukazovátkům                   ukazovatkum
ukazovátkem                   ukazovatkem
ukazovátko                    ukazovatk
ukazovátky                    ukazovatk
ukazovátkách                  ukazovatkach
ukazovátku                    ukazovatkt
ukazovátek                    ukazovatek
ukazovátka                    ukazovatct
oběživ                        obeziv
oběživa                       obezivt
oběživech                     obezivech
oběživy                       obeziv
oběživem                      obezivem
oběživu                       obezivt
oběživům                      obezivum
oběživě                       obezivet
oběživo                       obeziv
paliv                         paliv
paliva                        palivt
palivech                      palivech
palivy                        paliv
palivem                       palivem
palivu                        palivt
palivům                       palivum
palivo                        paliv
sedl                          sedt
sedla                         sedt
sedlech                       sedlech
sedly                         sedt
sedlem                        sedlem
sedlu                         sedlt
sedlům                        sedlum
sedlo                         sedt
anestetikům                   anestetikum
anestetikem                   anestetikem
anestetiky                    anestetik
anestetikách                  anestetikach
anestetikum                   anestetikum
anestetiku                    anestetikt
anestetik                     anestetik
anesteticích                  anesteticich
anestetika                    anestetict
sázení                        sazen
sázením                       sazenim
sázeních                      sazenich
sázeními                      sazenim
nucení                        nucen
nucením                       nucenim
nuceních                      nucenich
nuceními                      nucenim
chlazení                      chlazen
chlazením                     chlazenim
chlazeních                    chlazenich
chlazeními                    chlazenim
tažení                        tazen
tažením                       tazenim
taženích                      tazenich
taženími                      tazenim
sedativ                       sedativ
sedativa                      sedativt
sedativech                    sedativech
sedativum                     sedativum
sedativy                      sedativ
sedativem                     sedativem
sedativu                      sedativt
sedativům                     sedativum
jekote                        jekot
jekot                         jekot
jekotech                      jekotech
jekotem                       jekotem
jekoty                        jekot
jekotu                        jekot
jekotům                       jekotum
jekotů                        jekot
škytavkou                     skytavkt
škytavko                      skytavk
škytavce                      skytavc
škytavkách                    skytavkach
škytavky                      skytavk
škytavku                      skytavkt
škytavek                      skytavek
škytavka                      skytavct
škytavkám                     skytavkat
škytavkami                    skytavkam
tancovačkou                   tancovackt
tancovačko                    tancovack
tancovačce                    tancovacc
tancovačkách                  tancovackach
tancovačky                    tancovack
tancovačku                    tancovackt
tancovaček                    tancovacek
tancovačka                    tancovacct
tancovačkám                   tancovackat
tancovačkami                  tancovackam
přestavbu                     prestavbt
přestaveb                     prestaveb
přestavbám                    prestavbat
přestavba                     prestavbt
přestavbo                     prestavb
přestavbě                     prestavbet
přestavbách                   prestavbach
přestavby                     prestavb
přestavbou                    prestavbt
přestavbami                   prestavbam
ženitbu                       zenitbt
ženiteb                       zeniteb
ženitbám                      zenitbat
ženitba                       zenitbt
ženitbo                       zenitb
ženitbě                       zenitbet
ženitbách                     zenitbach
ženitby                       zenitb
ženitbou                      zenitbt
ženitbami                     zenitbam
mačkanice                     mackanic
mačkanicím                    mackanicim
mačkanic                      mackanic
mačkanicích                   mackanicich
mačkanicí                     mackanic
mačkanicemi                   mackanicem
mačkanici                     mackanic
chumelenice                   chumelenic
chumelenicím                  chumelenicim
chumelenic                    chumelenic
chumelenicích                 chumelenicich
chumelenicí                   chumelenic
chumelenicemi                 chumelenicem
chumelenici                   chumelenic
pastvách                      pastvach
pastvo                        pastv
pastvou                       pastvt
pastvu                        pastvt
pastvám                       pastvat
pastvě                        pastvet
pastva                        pastvt
pastvami                      pastvam
pastev                        pastev
pastvy                        pastv
koncese                       koncesit
koncesím                      koncesit
koncesích                     koncesich
koncesí                       koncesit
koncesemi                     koncesem
koncesi                       konces
reflexe                       reflex
reflexím                      reflexim
reflexích                     reflexich
reflexí                       reflex
reflexemi                     reflexem
reflexi                       reflex
kontroverze                   kontroverzit
kontroverzím                  kontroverzit
kontroverzích                 kontroverzich
kontroverzí                   kontroverzit
kontroverzemi                 kontroverzem
kontroverzi                   kontroverz
inventury                     inventur
inventur                      inventur
inventurách                   inventurach
inventuře                     inventurit
inventuru                     inventurt
inventurou                    inventurt
inventuro                     inventur
inventura                     inventurit
inventurám                    inventurat
inventurami                   inventuram
statemente                    statement
statement                     statement
statementech                  statementech
statementem                   statementem
statementy                    statement
statementu                    statement
statementům                   statementum
statementů                    statement
