sochařem                      soch
sochařích                     soch
sochaře                       soch
sochař                        soch
sochařům                      soch
sochařů                       soch
sochaři                       soch
zubařem                       zub
zubařích                      zub
zubaře                        zub
zubař                         zub
zubařům                       zub
zubařů                        zub
zubaři                        zub
sklářem                       sklar
sklářích                      sklar
skláře                        sklar
sklář                         sklar
sklářům                       sklar
sklářů                        sklar
skláři                        sklar
zahrádkářem                   zahrad
zahrádkářích                  zahrad
zahrádkáře                    zahrad
zahrádkář                     zahrad
zahrádkářům                   zahrad
zahrádkářů                    zahrad
zahrádkáři                    zahrad
angličtinářem                 anglictin
angličtinářích                anglictin
angličtináře                  anglictin
angličtinář                   anglictin
angličtinářům                 anglictin
angličtinářů                  anglictin
angličtináři                  anglictin
funkcionářem                  funkc
funkcionářích                 funkc
funkcionáře                   funkc
funkcionář                    funkc
funkcionářům                  funkc
funkcionářů                   funkc
funkcionáři                   funkc
legionářem                    leg
legionářích                   leg
legionáře                     leg
legionář                      leg
legionářům                    leg
legionářů                     leg
legionáři                     leg
žoldnéřem                     zold
žoldnéřích                    zold
žoldnéře                      zold
žoldnéř                       zold
žoldnéřům                     zold
žoldnéřů                      zold
žoldnéři                      zold
odbíjenkářem                  odbijen
odbíjenkářích                 odbijen
odbíjenkáře                   odbijen
odbíjenkář                    odbijen
odbíjenkářům                  odbijen
odbíjenkářů                   odbijen
odbíjenkáři                   odbijen
házenkářem                    hazen
házenkářích                   hazen
házenkáře                     hazen
házenkář                      hazen
házenkářům                    hazen
házenkářů                     hazen
házenkáři                     hazen
šermířem                      serm
šermířích                     serm
šermíře                       serm
šermíř                        serm
šermířům                      serm
šermířů                       serm
šermíři                       serm
bankéřem                      bank
bankéřích                     bank
bankéře                       bank
bankéř                        bank
bankéřům                      bank
bankéřů                       bank
bankéři                       bank
šenkýřem                      senk
šenkýřích                     senk
šenkýře                       senk
šenkýř                        senk
šenkýřům                      senk
šenkýřů                       senk
šenkýři                       senk
kameníka                      kamen
kameník                       kam
kameníkem                     kam
kameníky                      kam
kamenících                    kam
kameníku                      kam
kameníkovi                    kamen
kameníkům                     kam
kameníci                      kam
kameníků                      kam
hříšníka                      hrisn
hříšník                       hrich
hříšníkem                     hris
hříšníky                      hris
hříšnících                    hris
hříšníku                      hris
hříšníkovi                    hrisn
hříšníkům                     hris
hříšníci                      hris
hříšníků                      hris
žalářníka                     zalarn
žalářník                      zal
žalářníkem                    zalar
žalářníky                     zalar
žalářnících                   zalar
žalářníku                     zalar
žalářníkovi                   zalarn
žalářníkům                    zalar
žalářníci                     zalar
žalářníků                     zalar
lihovarníka                   lihovarn
lihovarník                    lihovar
lihovarníkem                  lihovar
lihovarníky                   lihovar
lihovarnících                 lihovar
lihovarníku                   lihovar
lihovarníkovi                 lihovarn
lihovarníkům                  lihovar
lihovarníci                   lihovar
lihovarníků                   lihovar
jeřábníka                     jerabn
jeřábník                      jerab
jeřábníkem                    jerab
jeřábníky                     jerab
jeřábnících                   jerab
jeřábníku                     jerab
jeřábníkovi                   jerabn
jeřábníkům                    jerab
jeřábníci                     jerab
jeřábníků                     jerab
plukovníka                    plukovn
plukovník                     pluk
plukovníkem                   plukov
plukovníky                    plukov
plukovnících                  plukov
plukovníku                    plukov
plukovníkovi                  plukovn
plukovníkům                   plukov
plukovníci                    plukov
plukovníků                    plukov
alibistou                     alib
alibista                      alib
alibistech                    alibist
alibisty                      alibist
alibistu                      alibist
alibistovi                    alibist
alibistům                     alibist
alibisto                      alibist
alibistů                      alibist
alibisté                      alibist
fotbalistou                   fotbal
fotbalista                    fotbal
fotbalistech                  fotbalist
fotbalisty                    fotbalist
fotbalistu                    fotbalist
fotbalistovi                  fotbalist
fotbalistům                   fotbalist
fotbalisto                    fotbalist
fotbalistů                    fotbalist
fotbalisté                    fotbalist
propagandistou                propagand
propagandista                 propagand
propagandistech               propagandist
propagandisty                 propagandist
propagandistu                 propagandist
propagandistovi               propagandist
propagandistům                propagandist
propagandisto                 propagandist
propagandistů                 propagandist
propagandisté                 propagandist
tramvajáka                    tramvaj
tramvaják                     tramvaj
tramvajákem                   tramvaj
tramvajácích                  tramvaj
tramvajáky                    tramvaj
tramvajáku                    tramvaj
tramvajákovi                  tramvaj
tramvajákům                   tramvaj
tramvajáků                    tramvaj
tramvajáci                    tramvaj
školáka                       skol
školák                        skol
školákem                      skol
školácích                     skol
školáky                       skol
školáku                       skol
školákovi                     skol
školákům                      skol
školáků                       skol
školáci                       skol
dějepisče                     dejepis
dějepisců                     dejepis
dějepiscem                    dejepis
dějepisce                     dejepis
dějepisci                     dejepis
dějepiscích                   dejepis
dějepisec                     dejepis
dějepiscům                    dejepis
přírodozpytče                 prirodozpyt
přírodozpytců                 prirodozp
přírodozpytcem                prirodozp
přírodozpytce                 prirodozpyt
přírodozpytci                 prirodozpyt
přírodozpytcích               prirodozpyt
přírodozpytec                 prirodozp
přírodozpytcům                prirodozp
metodika                      metod
metodik                       metod
metodikem                     metod
metodicích                    metod
metodiky                      metod
metodiku                      metod
metodikovi                    metod
metodikům                     metod
metodiků                      metod
metodici                      metod
psycholozi                    psych
psychologů                    psych
psychology                    psych
psychologovi                  psych
psychologové                  psych
psychologa                    psych
psychologům                   psych
psychologem                   psych
psycholog                     psych
psycholozích                  psych
psychologu                    psych
agronome                      agr
agronomové                    agr
agronoma                      agr
agronom                       agr
agronomech                    agr
agronomem                     agr
agronomy                      agr
agronomu                      agr
agronomovi                    agr
agronomům                     agr
agronomů                      agr
agronomi                      agr
fotografe                     fot
fotografové                   fot
fotografa                     fot
fotograf                      fot
fotografech                   fot
fotografem                    fot
fotografy                     fot
fotografu                     fot
fotografovi                   fot
fotografům                    fot
fotografů                     fot
fotografi                     fot
kaskadére                     kaskad
kaskadérové                   kaskad
kaskadéra                     kaskad
kaskadér                      kaskad
kaskadérech                   kaskad
kaskadérem                    kaskad
kaskadéry                     kaskader
kaskadéru                     kaskader
kaskadérovi                   kaskad
kaskadérům                    kaskad
kaskadérů                     kaskad
kaskadéři                     kaskad
hoteliére                     hotel
hoteliérové                   hotel
hoteliéra                     hotel
hoteliér                      hotel
hoteliérech                   hotel
hoteliérem                    hotel
hoteliéry                     hotelier
hoteliéru                     hotelier
hoteliérovi                   hotel
hoteliérům                    hotel
hoteliérů                     hotel
hoteliéři                     hotel
boxere                        box
boxerové                      box
boxera                        box
boxer                         box
boxerech                      box
boxerem                       box
boxery                        boxer
boxeru                        boxer
boxerovi                      box
boxerům                       box
boxerů                        box
boxeři                        boxer
štukatére                     stuk
štukatérové                   stuk
štukatéra                     stukat
štukatér                      stuk
štukatérech                   stuk
štukatérem                    stuk
štukatéry                     stukater
štukatéru                     stukater
štukatérovi                   stuk
štukatérům                    stuk
štukatérů                     stuk
štukatéři                     stukat
plagiátore                    plag
plagiátorové                  plag
plagiátora                    plagiat
plagiátor                     plag
plagiátorech                  plag
plagiátorem                   plag
plagiátory                    plagiator
plagiátoru                    plagiator
plagiátorovi                  plag
plagiátorům                   plag
plagiátorů                    plag
plagiátoři                    plag
glosátore                     glos
glosátorové                   glos
glosátora                     glosat
glosátor                      glos
glosátorech                   glos
glosátorem                    glos
glosátory                     glosator
glosátoru                     glosator
glosátorovi                   glos
glosátorům                    glos
glosátorů                     glos
glosátoři                     glos
američane                     amer
američana                     americ
američan                      amer
američanech                   americ
američanem                    americ
američany                     americ
američanu                     americ
američanovi                   amer
američanům                    americ
američané                     americ
američanů                     amer
američani                     americ
římane                        rim
římana                        rim
říman                         rim
římanech                      rim
římanem                       rim
římany                        rim
římanu                        rim
římanovi                      rim
římanům                       rim
římané                        rim
římanů                        rim
římani                        rim
australane                    austral
australana                    austral
australan                     austral
australanech                  austral
australanem                   austral
australany                    austr
australanu                    austr
australanovi                  austral
australanům                   austral
australané                    austral
australanů                    austral
australani                    austr
slezane                       slez
slezana                       slez
slezan                        slez
slezanech                     slez
slezanem                      slez
slezany                       slez
slezanu                       slez
slezanovi                     slez
slezanům                      slez
slezané                       slez
slezanů                       slez
slezani                       slez
belgičane                     belg
belgičana                     belgic
belgičan                      belg
belgičanech                   belgic
belgičanem                    belgic
belgičany                     belgic
belgičanu                     belgic
belgičanovi                   belg
belgičanům                    belgic
belgičané                     belgic
belgičanů                     belg
belgičani                     belgic
thajče                        thaj
thajců                        thaj
thajcem                       thaj
thajce                        thaj
thajci                        thaj
thajcích                      thaj
thajec                        thaj
thajcům                       thaj
brazilče                      brazil
brazilců                      brazil
brazilcem                     brazil
brazilce                      brazil
brazilci                      brazil
brazilcích                    brazil
brazilec                      brazil
brazilcům                     brazil
cizinče                       cizin
cizinců                       ciz
cizincem                      ciz
cizince                       ciz
cizinci                       cizin
cizincích                     cizin
cizinec                       ciz
cizincům                      ciz
poláka                        pol
polák                         pol
polákem                       pol
polácích                      pol
poláky                        pol
poláku                        pol
polákovi                      pol
polákům                       pol
poláků                        pol
poláci                        pol
moraváka                      morav
moravák                       morav
moravákem                     morav
moravácích                    morav
moraváky                      morav
moraváku                      morav
moravákovi                    morav
moravákům                     morav
moraváků                      morav
moraváci                      morav
bulhara                       bulh
bulhar                        bulhar
bulharem                      bulhar
bulhařích                     bulh
bulhary                       bulhar
bulharu                       bulhar
bulharovi                     bulhar
bulharům                      bulhar
bulharů                       bulhar
bulhaři                       bulh
turkům                        tur
turkem                        tur
turkovi                       tur
turky                         tur
turci                         tur
turku                         tur
turek                         tur
turcích                       tur
turka                         tur
turků                         tur
budějovičane                  budejov
budějovičana                  budejovic
budějovičan                   budejov
budějovičanech                budejovic
budějovičanem                 budejovic
budějovičany                  budejovic
budějovičanu                  budejovic
budějovičanovi                budejov
budějovičanům                 budejovic
budějovičané                  budejovic
budějovičanů                  budejov
budějovičani                  budejovic
pražane                       praz
pražana                       praz
pražan                        praz
pražanech                     praz
pražanem                      praz
pražany                       praz
pražanu                       praz
pražanovi                     praz
pražanům                      praz
pražané                       praz
pražanů                       praz
pražani                       praz
občane                        ob
občana                        obc
občan                         ob
občanech                      obc
občanem                       obc
občany                        obc
občanu                        obc
občanovi                      ob
občanům                       obc
občané                        obc
občanů                        ob
občani                        obc
venkovane                     venkov
venkovana                     venkov
venkovan                      venkov
venkovanech                   venkov
venkovanem                    venkov
venkovany                     venkov
venkovanu                     venkov
venkovanovi                   venkov
venkovanům                    venkov
venkované                     venkov
venkovanů                     venkov
venkovani                     venkov
zálesáka                      zales
zálesák                       zales
zálesákem                     zales
zálesácích                    zales
zálesáky                      zales
zálesáku                      zales
zálesákovi                    zales
zálesákům                     zales
zálesáků                      zales
zálesáci                      zales
vídeňáka                      viden
vídeňák                       viden
vídeňákem                     viden
vídeňácích                    viden
vídeňáky                      viden
vídeňáku                      viden
vídeňákovi                    viden
vídeňákům                     viden
vídeňáků                      viden
vídeňáci                      viden
přemyslovče                   premyslov
přemyslovců                   premysl
přemyslovcem                  premysl
přemyslovce                   premyslov
přemyslovci                   premysl
přemyslovcích                 premysl
přemyslovec                   premysl
přemyslovcům                  premysl
májovče                       majov
májovců                       maj
májovcem                      maj
májovce                       majov
májovci                       maj
májovcích                     maj
májovec                       maj
májovcům                      maj
kriminálníka                  kriminaln
kriminálník                   krimin
kriminálníkem                 kriminal
kriminálnících                kriminal
kriminálníky                  kriminal
kriminálníku                  kriminal
kriminálníkovi                kriminaln
kriminálníkům                 kriminal
kriminálníků                  kriminal
kriminálníci                  kriminal
vrstevníka                    vrstevn
vrstevník                     vrstev
vrstevníkem                   vrstev
vrstevnících                  vrstev
vrstevníky                    vrstev
vrstevníku                    vrstev
vrstevníkovi                  vrstevn
vrstevníkům                   vrstev
vrstevníků                    vrstev
vrstevníci                    vrstev
straníka                      stran
straník                       stran
straníkem                     stran
stranících                    stran
straníky                      stran
straníku                      stran
straníkovi                    stran
straníkům                     stran
straníků                      stran
straníci                      stran
křižovníka                    krizovn
křižovník                     kriz
křižovníkem                   krizov
křižovnících                  krizov
křižovníky                    krizov
křižovníku                    krizov
křižovníkovi                  krizovn
křižovníkům                   krizov
křižovníků                    krizov
křižovníci                    krizov
odboráře                      odbor
odborář                       odbor
odborářem                     odbor
odborářích                    odbor
odborářům                     odbor
odborářů                      odbor
odboráři                      odbor
vlajkaře                      vlajk
vlajkař                       vlajk
vlajkařem                     vlajk
vlajkařích                    vlajk
vlajkařům                     vlajk
vlajkařů                      vlajk
vlajkaři                      vlajk
legionáře                     leg
legionář                      leg
legionářem                    leg
legionářích                   leg
legionářům                    leg
legionářů                     leg
legionáři                     leg
milicionáře                   milic
milicionář                    milic
milicionářem                  milic
milicionářích                 milic
milicionářům                  milic
milicionářů                   milic
milicionáři                   milic
pravičáka                     pravic
pravičák                      pravic
pravičákem                    pravic
pravičácích                   pravic
pravičáky                     pravic
pravičáku                     pravic
pravičákovi                   pravic
pravičákům                    pravic
pravičáků                     pravic
pravičáci                     pravic
svazáka                       svaz
svazák                        svaz
svazákem                      svaz
svazácích                     svaz
svazáky                       svaz
svazáku                       svaz
svazákovi                     svaz
svazákům                      svaz
svazáků                       svaz
svazáci                       svaz
anarchistou                   anarch
anarchista                    anarch
anarchistech                  anarchist
anarchisty                    anarchist
anarchistu                    anarchist
anarchistovi                  anarchist
anarchistům                   anarchist
anarchisto                    anarchist
anarchistů                    anarchist
anarchisté                    anarchist
pozitivistou                  pozitiv
pozitivista                   pozitiv
pozitivistech                 pozitivist
pozitivisty                   pozitivist
pozitivistu                   pozitivist
pozitivistovi                 pozitivist
pozitivistům                  pozitivist
pozitivisto                   pozitivist
pozitivistů                   pozitivist
pozitivisté                   pozitivist
husitou                       hus
husita                        hus
husitech                      husit
husity                        husit
husitu                        husit
husitovi                      husit
husitům                       husit
husito                        husit
husitů                        husit
husité                        husit
kosmopolitou                  kosmopol
kosmopolita                   kosmopol
kosmopolitech                 kosmopolit
kosmopolity                   kosmopolit
kosmopolitu                   kosmopolit
kosmopolitovi                 kosmopolit
kosmopolitům                  kosmopolit
kosmopolito                   kosmopolit
kosmopolitů                   kosmopolit
kosmopolité                   kosmopolit
republikáne                   republik
republikánové                 republik
republikána                   republik
republikán                    republik
republikánech                 republik
republikánem                  republik
republikány                   republik
republikánu                   republik
republikánovi                 republik
republikánům                  republik
republikánů                   republik
republikáni                   republik
vegetariáne                   vegetar
vegetariánové                 vegetar
vegetariána                   vegetar
vegetarián                    vegetar
vegetariánech                 vegetar
vegetariánem                  vegetar
vegetariány                   vegetar
vegetariánu                   vegetar
vegetariánovi                 vegetar
vegetariánům                  vegetar
vegetariánů                   vegetar
vegetariáni                   vegetar
schodištím                    schod
schodišti                     schod
schodiště                     schod
schodištěm                    schod
schodištích                   schod
schodišť                      schod
doskočištím                   doskoc
doskočišti                    doskoc
doskočiště                    doskoc
doskočištěm                   doskoc
doskočištích                  doskoc
doskočišť                     doskoc
úložištím                     uloz
úložišti                      uloz
úložiště                      uloz
úložištěm                     uloz
úložištích                    uloz
úložišť                       uloz
brankovištím                  brank
brankovišti                   brank
brankoviště                   brank
brankovištěm                  brank
brankovištích                 brank
brankovišť                    brank
koupalištím                   koupal
koupališti                    koupal
koupaliště                    koupal
koupalištěm                   koupal
koupalištích                  koupal
koupališť                     koupal
východiskům                   vychodis
východiskem                   vychodis
východisce                    vychodis
východisko                    vychod
východisky                    vychodis
východiskách                  vychodis
východisku                    vychodis
východisek                    vychodis
východiscích                  vychodis
východiska                    vychodis
letoviskům                    letovis
letoviskem                    letovis
letovisce                     letovis
letovisko                     let
letovisky                     letovis
letoviskách                   letovis
letovisku                     letovis
letovisek                     letovis
letoviscích                   letovis
letoviska                     letovis
střediskům                    stredis
střediskem                    stredis
středisce                     stredis
středisko                     stred
středisky                     stredis
střediskách                   stredis
středisku                     stredis
středisek                     stredis
střediscích                   stredis
střediska                     stredis
tělocvičnami                  telocvic
tělocvičnou                   telocvic
tělocvičně                    telocvic
tělocvično                    telocv
tělocvičnu                    telocvic
tělocvičnám                   telocvic
tělocvičen                    telocvic
tělocvičny                    telocvic
tělocvičnách                  telocvic
tělocvična                    telocvic
šatnami                       sat
šatnou                        sat
šatně                         sat
šatno                         sat
šatnu                         sat
šatnám                        sat
šaten                         sat
šatny                         sat
šatnách                       sat
šatna                         sat
čekárnami                     cek
čekárnou                      cek
čekárně                       cekar
čekárno                       cekar
čekárnu                       cekar
čekárnám                      cek
čekáren                       cekar
čekárny                       cekar
čekárnách                     cek
čekárna                       cek
králíkárnami                  kralik
králíkárnou                   kralik
králíkárně                    kralikar
králíkárno                    kralikar
králíkárnu                    kralikar
králíkárnám                   kralik
králíkáren                    kralikar
králíkárny                    kralikar
králíkárnách                  kralik
králíkárna                    kralik
pracovnami                    prac
pracovnou                     prac
pracovně                      prac
pracovno                      pracov
pracovnu                      prac
pracovnám                     prac
pracoven                      prac
pracovny                      prac
pracovnách                    prac
pracovna                      prac
klubovnami                    klub
klubovnou                     klub
klubovně                      klub
klubovno                      klubov
klubovnu                      klub
klubovnám                     klub
kluboven                      klub
klubovny                      klub
klubovnách                    klub
klubovna                      klub
provozovnami                  provoz
provozovnou                   provoz
provozovně                    provoz
provozovno                    provozov
provozovnu                    provoz
provozovnám                   provoz
provozoven                    provoz
provozovny                    provoz
provozovnách                  provoz
provozovna                    provoz
čajovnami                     caj
čajovnou                      caj
čajovně                       caj
čajovno                       cajov
čajovnu                       caj
čajovnám                      caj
čajoven                       caj
čajovny                       caj
čajovnách                     caj
čajovna                       caj
pražírnami                    praz
pražírnou                     praz
pražírně                      prazir
pražírno                      prazir
pražírnu                      prazir
pražírnám                     praz
pražíren                      prazir
pražírny                      prazir
pražírnách                    praz
pražírna                      praz
strojírnami                   stroj
strojírnou                    stroj
strojírně                     strojir
strojírno                     strojir
strojírnu                     strojir
strojírnám                    stroj
strojíren                     strojir
strojírny                     strojir
strojírnách                   stroj
strojírna                     stroj
palírnami                     pal
palírnou                      pal
palírně                       palir
palírno                       palir
palírnu                       palir
palírnám                      pal
palíren                       palir
palírny                       palir
palírnách                     pal
palírna                       pal
spořitelnami                  spor
spořitelnou                   spor
spořitelně                    spor
spořitelno                    sporitel
spořitelnu                    spor
spořitelnám                   spor
spořitelen                    spor
spořitelny                    spor
spořitelnách                  spor
spořitelna                    spor
nemocnice                     nemoc
nemocnicím                    nemocnic
nemocnic                      nemocnic
nemocnicích                   nemocn
nemocnicí                     nemocnic
nemocnicemi                   nemocnic
nemocnici                     nemocn
lednice                       led
lednicím                      lednic
lednic                        lednic
lednicích                     ledn
lednicí                       lednic
lednicemi                     lednic
lednici                       ledn
chudobinců                    chud
chudobincem                   chud
chudobince                    chudob
chudobinci                    chudobin
chudobincích                  chudobin
chudobinec                    chud
chudobincům                   chud
starobinců                    star
starobincem                   star
starobince                    starob
starobinci                    starobin
starobincích                  starobin
starobinec                    star
starobincům                   star
hřebčinců                     hrebc
hřebčincem                    hrebc
hřebčince                     hrebc
hřebčinci                     hrebcin
hřebčincích                   hrebcin
hřebčinec                     hrebc
hřebčincům                    hrebc
prasečinců                    prasec
prasečincem                   prasec
prasečince                    prasec
prasečinci                    prasecin
prasečincích                  prasecin
prasečinec                    prasec
prasečincům                   prasec
hřebčíne                      hrebc
hřebčín                       hrebc
hřebčínech                    hrebc
hřebčínem                     hrebc
hřebčíny                      hreb
hřebčínu                      hreb
hřebčínům                     hrebc
hřebčíně                      hreb
hřebčínů                      hrebc
vepříne                       vepr
vepřín                        vepr
vepřínech                     vepr
vepřínem                      vepr
vepříny                       vepr
vepřínu                       vepr
vepřínům                      vepr
vepříně                       vepr
vepřínů                       vepr
smrčinou                      smrcin
smrčin                        smrcin
smrčina                       smrcin
smrčinám                      smrcinam
smrčiny                       smrcin
smrčinu                       smrcin
smrčinami                     smrcinam
smrčině                       smrcin
smrčinách                     smrcinach
smrčino                       smrcin
krajinou                      kraj
krajin                        krajin
krajina                       kraj
krajinám                      kraj
krajiny                       kraj
krajinu                       kraj
krajinami                     kraj
krajině                       kraj
krajinách                     kraj
krajino                       kraj
vysočinou                     vysoc
vysočin                       vysocin
vysočina                      vysoc
vysočinám                     vysoc
vysočiny                      vysoc
vysočinu                      vysoc
vysočinami                    vysoc
vysočině                      vysoc
vysočinách                    vysoc
vysočino                      vysoc
úžinou                        uz
úžin                          uzin
úžina                         uz
úžinám                        uz
úžiny                         uz
úžinu                         uz
úžinami                       uz
úžině                         uz
úžinách                       uz
úžino                         uz
holubníkům                    holub
holubníkem                    holub
holubníky                     holub
holubníku                     holub
holubník                      holub
holubnících                   holub
holubníků                     holub
divadle                       div
divadlům                      div
divadly                       div
divadlech                     div
divadla                       div
divadlem                      div
divadlo                       div
divadel                       div
divadlu                       div
bělidle                       bel
bělidlům                      bel
bělidly                       bel
bělidlech                     bel
bělidla                       bel
bělidlem                      bel
bělidlo                       bel
bělidel                       bel
bělidlu                       bel
cukřenkou                     cukr
cukřenko                      cukren
cukřence                      cukr
cukřenkách                    cukren
cukřenky                      cukren
cukřenku                      cukren
cukřenek                      cukren
cukřenka                      cukr
cukřenkám                     cukr
cukřenkami                    cukr
peněženkou                    penez
peněženko                     penezen
peněžence                     penez
peněženkách                   penezen
peněženky                     penezen
peněženku                     penezen
peněženek                     penezen
peněženka                     penez
peněženkám                    penez
peněženkami                   penez
květináče                     kvetin
květináč                      kvetin
květináčem                    kvetin
květináčích                   kvetin
květináčům                    kvetin
květináči                     kvetin
květináčů                     kvetin
herbáře                       herb
herbář                        herb
herbářem                      herb
herbářích                     herb
herbářům                      herb
herbáři                       herb
herbářů                       herb
relikviáře                    relikv
relikviář                     relikv
relikviářem                   relikv
relikviářích                  relikv
relikviářům                   relikv
relikviáři                    relikv
relikviářů                    relikv
laboratoře                    labor
laboratořím                   labor
laboratoř                     labor
laboratořích                  labor
laboratoří                    labor
laboratořemi                  labor
laboratoři                    labor
periferie                     perif
periferiím                    perifer
periferiích                   perifer
periferií                     perifer
periferiemi                   perifer
periferii                     perifer
krematoriím                   kremator
krematoria                    kremator
krematorium                   kremator
krematoriem                   kremator
krematoriích                  kremator
krematoriu                    kremator
krematorií                    kremator
krematorii                    kremator
srbkou                        srbk
srbko                         srbk
srbce                         srbc
srbkách                       srbkach
srbky                         srbk
srbku                         srbk
srbek                         srbek
srbka                         srbk
srbkám                        srbkam
srbkami                       srbkam
vnučkou                       vnuck
vnučko                        vnuc
vnučce                        vnuc
vnučkách                      vnuc
vnučky                        vnuc
vnučku                        vnuc
vnuček                        vnuc
vnučka                        vnuc
vnučkám                       vnuck
vnučkami                      vnuck
manželkou                     manzel
manželko                      manzel
manželce                      manzel
manželkách                    manzel
manželky                      manzel
manželku                      manzel
manželek                      manzel
manželka                      manzel
manželkám                     manzel
manželkami                    manzel
uklízečkou                    ukliz
uklízečko                     ukliz
uklízečce                     uklizec
uklízečkách                   uklizec
uklízečky                     uklizec
uklízečku                     uklizec
uklízeček                     ukliz
uklízečka                     ukliz
uklízečkám                    ukliz
uklízečkami                   ukliz
hudebnice                     hudeb
hudebnicím                    hudebnic
hudebnic                      hudebnic
hudebnicích                   hudebn
hudebnicí                     hudebnic
hudebnicemi                   hudebnic
hudebnici                     hudebn
uprchlice                     uprchl
uprchlicím                    uprchlic
uprchlic                      uprchlic
uprchlicích                   uprchl
uprchlicí                     uprchlic
uprchlicemi                   uprchlic
uprchlici                     uprchl
světice                       svet
světicím                      svetic
světic                        svetic
světicích                     svet
světicí                       svetic
světicemi                     svetic
světici                       svet
krasavice                     krasav
krasavicím                    krasavic
krasavic                      krasavic
krasavicích                   krasav
krasavicí                     krasavic
krasavicemi                   krasavic
krasavici                     krasav
ministryním                   ministr
ministryněmi                  ministr
ministryních                  ministr
ministryní                    ministr
ministryně                    ministr
ministryni                    ministr
kolegyním                     koleg
kolegyněmi                    koleg
kolegyních                    koleg
kolegyní                      koleg
kolegyně                      koleg
kolegyni                      koleg
umělkyním                     umelk
umělkyněmi                    umelk
umělkyních                    umelk
umělkyní                      umelk
umělkyně                      umel
umělkyni                      umelk
žalobkyním                    zalobk
žalobkyněmi                   zalobk
žalobkyních                   zalobk
žalobkyní                     zalobk
žalobkyně                     zalob
žalobkyni                     zalobk
královnami                    kral
královnou                     kral
královně                      kral
královno                      kralov
královnu                      kral
královnám                     kral
královen                      kral
královny                      kral
královnách                    kral
královna                      kral
holubice                      holub
holubicím                     holubic
holubic                       holubic
holubicích                    holub
holubicí                      holubic
holubicemi                    holubic
holubici                      holub
čertice                       cert
čerticím                      certic
čertic                        certic
čerticích                     cert
čerticí                       certic
čerticemi                     certic
čertici                       cert
kněžnami                      knez
kněžnou                       knez
kněžně                        knez
kněžno                        knez
kněžnu                        knez
kněžnám                       knez
kněžen                        knez
kněžny                        knez
kněžnách                      knez
kněžna                        knez
vlče                          vlc
vlčatech                      vlcatech
vlčaty                        vlcat
vlčeti                        vlcet
vlčetem                       vlcetem
vlčatům                       vlcatum
vlčata                        vlcat
vlčat                         vlcat
vlčete                        vlcet
holoubatech                   holoub
holoubaty                     holoub
holoubětem                    holoub
holoubatům                    holoub
holouběte                     holoub
holoubata                     holoub
holoubat                      holoub
holouběti                     holoub
holoubě                       hol
dělnictvo                     delnic
dělnictvu                     delnict
dělnictvech                   delnic
dělnictva                     delnic
dělnictvem                    delnic
dělnictvům                    delnic
dělnictev                     delnict
dělnictvy                     delnict
obyvatelstvo                  obyvatel
obyvatelstvu                  obyvatelst
obyvatelstvech                obyvatel
obyvatelstva                  obyvatels
obyvatelstvem                 obyvatel
obyvatelstvům                 obyvatel
obyvatelstev                  obyvatelst
obyvatelstvy                  obyvatelst
živočišstvo                   zivocis
živočišstvu                   zivocisst
živočišstvech                 zivocis
živočišstva                   zivociss
živočišstvem                  zivocis
živočišstvům                  zivocis
živočišstev                   zivocisst
živočišstvy                   zivocisst
borůvčí                       boruv
borůvčím                      boruvc
borůvčích                     boruvc
borůvčími                     boruvcim
uhlí                          uhl
uhlím                         uhl
uhlích                        uhl
uhlími                        uhlim
cukroví                       cukr
cukrovím                      cukr
cukrovích                     cukr
cukrovími                     cukrovim
souostroví                    souostr
souostrovím                   souostr
souostrovích                  souostr
souostrovími                  souostrovim
křovinou                      krovin
křovin                        krovin
křovina                       krov
křovinám                      krovin
křoviny                       krov
křovinu                       krov
křovinami                     krovin
křovině                       krov
křovinách                     krovin
křovino                       krov
čeledíne                      celed
čeledínové                    celed
čeledína                      celed
čeledín                       celed
čeledínech                    celed
čeledínem                     celed
čeledíny                      celed
čeledínu                      celed
čeledínovi                    celed
čeledínům                     celed
čeledínů                      celed
čeledíni                      celed
krvinkou                      krvink
krvinko                       krvin
krvince                       krvin
krvinkách                     krvin
krvinky                       krvin
krvinku                       krvin
krvinek                       krvin
krvinka                       krvin
krvinkám                      krvink
krvinkami                     krvink
hříbkům                       hrib
hříbkem                       hrib
hříbkách                      hrib
hříbky                        hrib
hříbku                        hrib
hříbek                        hrib
hříbcích                      hrib
hříbků                        hrib
samečkům                      samec
samečkem                      samec
samečkovi                     sam
samečky                       samec
samečci                       samec
samečku                       samec
sameček                       sam
samečcích                     samec
samečka                       sam
samečků                       samec
keříkům                       ker
keříkem                       ker
keříky                        ker
keříku                        ker
keřík                         ker
keřících                      ker
keříků                        ker
zuzankou                      zuz
zuzanko                       zuzan
zuzance                       zuz
zuzankách                     zuz
zuzanky                       zuz
zuzanku                       zuz
zuzanek                       zuzan
zuzanka                       zuz
zuzankám                      zuz
zuzankami                     zuz
ivankou                       iv
ivanko                        ivan
ivance                        iv
ivankách                      iv
ivanky                        iv
ivanku                        iv
ivanek                        ivan
ivanka                        iv
ivankám                       iv
ivankami                      iv
prádélkům                     pradel
prádélkem                     pradel
prádélko                      pradel
prádélky                      pradel
prádélkách                    pradel
prádélku                      pradel
prádélek                      pradel
prádélka                      pradel
želízkům                      zeliz
želízkem                      zeliz
želízko                       zeliz
želízky                       zeliz
želízkách                     zeliz
želízku                       zeliz
želízek                       zeliz
želízka                       zeliz
poupátkům                     poup
poupátkem                     poup
poupátko                      poup
poupátky                      poup
poupátkách                    poup
poupátku                      poup
poupátek                      poupat
poupátka                      poup
domečkům                      domec
domečkem                      domec
domečkách                     domec
domečky                       domec
domečku                       domec
domeček                       dom
domečcích                     domec
domečků                       domec
bratříčkům                    bratric
bratříčkem                    bratric
bratříčkovi                   bratr
bratříčky                     bratric
bratříčci                     bratric
bratříčku                     bratric
bratříček                     bratr
bratříčcích                   bratric
bratříčka                     bratr
bratříčků                     bratric
kostelíčkům                   kostelic
kostelíčkem                   kostelic
kostelíčkách                  kostelic
kostelíčky                    kostelic
kostelíčku                    kostelic
kostelíček                    kostel
kostelíčcích                  kostelic
kostelíčků                    kostelic
chybičkou                     chyb
chybičko                      chybic
chybičce                      chybic
chybičkách                    chybic
chybičky                      chybic
chybičku                      chybic
chybiček                      chybic
chybička                      chyb
chybičkám                     chyb
chybičkami                    chyb
slzičkou                      slzick
slzičko                       slzic
slzičce                       slzic
slzičkách                     slzic
slzičky                       slzic
slzičku                       slzic
slziček                       slzic
slzička                       slzic
slzičkám                      slzick
slzičkami                     slzick
blůzičkou                     bluz
blůzičko                      bluzic
blůzičce                      bluzic
blůzičkách                    bluzic
blůzičky                      bluzic
blůzičku                      bluzic
blůziček                      bluzic
blůzička                      bluz
blůzičkám                     bluz
blůzičkami                    bluz
kůstečkou                     kust
kůstečko                      kust
kůstečce                      kustec
kůstečkách                    kustec
kůstečky                      kustec
kůstečku                      kustec
kůsteček                      kust
kůstečka                      kust
kůstečkám                     kust
kůstečkami                    kust
nádobíčkům                    nadobic
nádobíčkem                    nadobic
nádobíčko                     nadob
nádobíčky                     nadobic
nádobíčkách                   nadobic
nádobíčku                     nadobic
nádobíček                     nadob
nádobíčka                     nadob
masíčkům                      masic
masíčkem                      masic
masíčko                       mas
masíčky                       masic
masíčkách                     masic
masíčku                       masic
masíček                       mas
masíčka                       mas
teplíčkům                     teplic
teplíčkem                     teplic
teplíčko                      tepl
teplíčky                      teplic
teplíčkách                    teplic
teplíčku                      teplic
teplíček                      tepl
teplíčka                      tepl
zrníčkům                      zrnic
zrníčkem                      zrnic
zrníčko                       zrnic
zrníčky                       zrnic
zrníčkách                     zrnic
zrníčku                       zrnic
zrníček                       zrnic
zrníčka                       zrnic
očičkům                       ocic
očičkem                       ocic
očičko                        ocic
očičky                        ocic
očičkách                      ocic
očičku                        ocic
očiček                        ocic
očička                        oc
městečkům                     mestec
městečkem                     mestec
městečko                      mest
městečky                      mestec
městečkách                    mestec
městečku                      mestec
městeček                      mest
městečka                      mest
zrnéčkům                      zrnec
zrnéčkem                      zrnec
zrnéčko                       zrnec
zrnéčky                       zrnec
zrnéčkách                     zrnec
zrnéčku                       zrnec
zrnéček                       zrnec
zrnéčka                       zrnec
nosánkům                      nos
nosánkem                      nos
nosánkách                     nos
nosánky                       nos
nosánku                       nos
nosánek                       nos
nosáncích                     nos
nosánků                       nos
tatínkům                      tat
tatínkem                      tat
tatínkovi                     tat
tatínky                       tat
tatínci                       tat
tatínku                       tat
tatínek                       tat
tatíncích                     tat
tatínka                       tat
tatínků                       tat
synáčkům                      syn
synáčkem                      syn
synáčkovi                     syn
synáčky                       syn
synáčci                       syn
synáčku                       syn
synáček                       syn
synáčcích                     syn
synáčka                       syn
synáčků                       syn
dědouškům                     ded
dědouškem                     ded
dědouškovi                    ded
dědoušky                      ded
dědoušci                      ded
dědoušku                      ded
dědoušek                      ded
dědoušcích                    ded
dědouška                      ded
dědoušků                      ded
šavlenkou                     savl
šavlenko                      savlen
šavlence                      savl
šavlenkách                    savlen
šavlenky                      savlen
šavlenku                      savlen
šavlenek                      savlen
šavlenka                      savl
šavlenkám                     savl
šavlenkami                    savl
tetinkou                      tet
tetinko                       tetin
tetince                       tet
tetinkách                     tetin
tetinky                       tetin
tetinku                       tetin
tetinek                       tetin
tetinka                       tet
tetinkám                      tet
tetinkami                     tet
dceruškou                     dcer
dceruško                      dcerus
dcerušce                      dcerus
dceruškách                    dcerus
dcerušky                      dcerus
dcerušku                      dcerus
dcerušek                      dcerus
dceruška                      dcer
dceruškám                     dcer
dceruškami                    dcer
maminečkou                    mamin
maminečko                     mamin
maminečce                     maminec
maminečkách                   maminec
maminečky                     maminec
maminečku                     maminec
mamineček                     mamin
maminečka                     mamin
maminečkám                    mamin
maminečkami                   mamin
psiskům                       psis
psiskem                       psis
psisko                        psis
psisky                        psis
psiskách                      psis
psisku                        psis
psisek                        psis
psiska                        psis
čertiskům                     certis
čertiskem                     certis
čertisko                      cert
čertisky                      certis
čertiskách                    certis
čertisku                      certis
čertisek                      certis
čertiska                      certis
hadice                        had
hadicím                       hadic
hadic                         hadic
hadicích                      had
hadicí                        hadic
hadicemi                      hadic
hadici                        had
praporců                      prapor
praporcem                     prapor
praporce                      prapor
praporci                      prap
praporcích                    prap
praporec                      prapor
praporcům                     prapor
hrabištím                     hrab
hrabišti                      hrab
hrabiště                      hrab
hrabištěm                     hrab
hrabištích                    hrab
hrabišť                       hrab
pražců                        praz
pražcem                       praz
pražce                        praz
pražci                        praz
pražcích                      praz
pražec                        praz
pražcům                       praz
jabloním                      jab
jabloně                       jab
jabloní                       jabl
jabloních                     jab
jabloň                        jabl
jabloni                       jab
jabloněmi                     jabl
doručenkou                    doruc
doručenko                     dorucen
doručence                     doruc
doručenkách                   dorucen
doručenky                     dorucen
doručenku                     dorucen
doručenek                     dorucen
doručenka                     doruc
doručenkám                    doruc
doručenkami                   doruc
umístěnkou                    umist
umístěnko                     umisten
umístěnce                     umist
umístěnkách                   umisten
umístěnky                     umisten
umístěnku                     umisten
umístěnek                     umisten
umístěnka                     umist
umístěnkám                    umist
umístěnkami                   umist
zbabělče                      zbabel
zbabělců                      zbabel
zbabělcem                     zbabel
zbabělce                      zbabel
zbabělci                      zbabel
zbabělcích                    zbabel
zbabělec                      zbabel
zbabělcům                     zbabel
kobylinců                     kobyl
kobylincem                    kobyl
kobylince                     kobyl
kobylinci                     kobylin
kobylincích                   kobylin
kobylinec                     kobyl
kobylincům                    kobyl
smrtelníka                    smrteln
smrtelník                     smrtel
smrtelníkem                   smrtel
smrtelnících                  smrtel
smrtelníky                    smrtel
smrtelníku                    smrtel
smrtelníkovi                  smrteln
smrtelníkům                   smrtel
smrtelníků                    smrtel
smrtelníci                    smrtel
makovníkům                    makov
makovníkem                    makov
makovníky                     makov
makovníku                     makov
makovník                      mak
makovnících                   makov
makovníků                     makov
pomerančovníkům               pomerancov
pomerančovníkem               pomerancov
pomerančovníky                pomerancov
pomerančovníku                pomerancov
pomerančovník                 pomeranc
pomerančovnících              pomerancov
pomerančovníků                pomerancov
spacákům                      spac
spacákem                      spac
spacáky                       spac
spacáku                       spac
spacák                        spac
spacácích                     spac
spacáků                       spac
náklaďákům                    naklad
náklaďákem                    naklad
náklaďáky                     naklad
náklaďáku                     naklad
náklaďák                      naklad
náklaďácích                   naklad
náklaďáků                     naklad
hrbáče                        hrbac
hrbáč                         hrbac
hrbáčem                       hrbac
hrbáčích                      hrbac
hrbáčům                       hrbac
hrbáčů                        hrbac
hrbáči                        hrbac
břicháče                      brich
břicháč                       brich
břicháčem                     brich
břicháčích                    brich
břicháčům                     brich
břicháčů                      brich
břicháči                      brich
svátkům                       svat
svátkem                       svat
svátkách                      svat
svátky                        svat
svátku                        svat
svátek                        svat
svátcích                      svat
svátků                        svat
volňáskům                     volnas
volňáskem                     volnas
volňáskách                    volnas
volňásky                      volnas
volňásku                      volnas
volňásek                      voln
volňáscích                    volnas
volňásků                      volnas
kliďase                       klid
kliďas                        klid
kliďasem                      klid
kliďasích                     klid
kliďasům                      klid
kliďasů                       klid
kliďasi                       klid
starouše                      star
starouš                       star
staroušem                     star
starouších                    star
staroušům                     star
staroušů                      star
starouši                      star
hroznýše                      hrozn
hroznýš                       hrozn
hroznýšem                     hrozn
hroznýších                    hrozn
hroznýšům                     hrozn
hroznýšů                      hrozn
hroznýši                      hrozn
vztekloune                    vztek
vzteklounové                  vztek
vzteklouna                    vztekl
vztekloun                     vztek
vzteklounech                  vztekl
vzteklounem                   vztekl
vzteklouny                    vztekl
vzteklounu                    vztekl
vzteklounovi                  vztek
vzteklounům                   vztekl
vzteklounů                    vztek
vzteklouni                    vztekl
slabocha                      slab
slaboch                       slab
slabochem                     slab
slaboších                     slabos
slabochy                      slab
slabochu                      slab
slabochovi                    slab
slabochům                     slab
slabochů                      slab
slaboši                       slabos
feudále                       feud
feudál                        feud
feudálech                     feud
feudálem                      feud
feudály                       feud
feudálu                       feud
feudálům                      feud
feudálů                       feud
plechovkou                    plech
plechovko                     plechov
plechovce                     plechov
plechovkách                   plech
plechovky                     plech
plechovku                     plech
plechovek                     plechov
plechovka                     plech
plechovkám                    plech
plechovkami                   plech
večernice                     vecer
večernicím                    vecernic
večernic                      vecernic
večernicích                   vecern
večernicí                     vecernic
večernicemi                   vecernic
večernici                     vecern
brokovnice                    brokov
brokovnicím                   brokovnic
brokovnic                     brokovnic
brokovnicích                  brokovn
brokovnicí                    brokovnic
brokovnicemi                  brokovnic
brokovnici                    brokovn
angličtinou                   anglic
angličtin                     anglictin
angličtina                    anglic
angličtinám                   anglic
angličtiny                    anglict
angličtinu                    anglict
angličtinami                  anglic
angličtině                    anglict
angličtinách                  anglic
angličtino                    anglict
chmelovinou                   chmel
chmelovin                     chmelovin
chmelovina                    chmel
chmelovinám                   chmel
chmeloviny                    chmelov
chmelovinu                    chmelov
chmelovinami                  chmel
chmelovině                    chmelov
chmelovinách                  chmel
chmelovino                    chmelov
slonovinou                    slon
slonovin                      slonovin
slonovina                     slon
slonovinám                    slon
slonoviny                     slonov
slonovinu                     slonov
slonovinami                   slon
slonovině                     slonov
slonovinách                   slon
slonovino                     slonov
bledule                       bled
bledulím                      bledul
bledulích                     bledul
bledulí                       bledul
bledulemi                     bledul
bleduli                       bledul
světluškou                    svetl
světluško                     svetlus
světlušce                     svetlus
světluškách                   svetlus
světlušky                     svetlus
světlušku                     svetlus
světlušek                     svetlus
světluška                     svetl
světluškám                    svetl
světluškami                   svetl
rajče                         raj
rajčatech                     rajc
rajčaty                       rajc
rajčeti                       raj
rajčetem                      raj
rajčatům                      rajc
rajčata                       rajc
rajčat                        rajc
rajčete                       raj
ubožátkům                     uboz
ubožátkem                     uboz
ubožátko                      uboz
ubožátky                      uboz
ubožátkách                    uboz
ubožátku                      uboz
ubožátek                      ubozat
ubožátka                      uboz
drobátkům                     drob
drobátkem                     drob
drobátko                      drob
drobátky                      drob
drobátkách                    drob
drobátku                      drob
drobátek                      drobat
drobátka                      drob
knihkupectví                  knihkup
knihkupectvím                 knihkupectv
knihkupectvích                knihkupectv
knihkupectvími                knihkupectvim
pekařství                     pekar
pekařstvím                    pekarstv
pekařstvích                   pekarstv
pekařstvími                   pekarstvim
nezničitelnost                neznicitel
nezničitelnostech             neznicitel
nezničitelnostem              neznicitel
nezničitelností               neznicitelnos
nezničitelnostmi              neznicitelnostm
nezničitelnosti               neznicitelnost
sobeckost                     sobeck
sobeckostech                  sobeck
sobeckostem                   sobeck
sobeckostí                    sobeckos
sobeckostmi                   sobeckostm
sobeckosti                    sobeckost
demokratičnost                demokratic
demokratičnostech             demokratic
demokratičnostem              demokratic
demokratičností               demokraticnos
demokratičnostmi              demokraticnostm
demokratičnosti               demokraticnost
svěžest                       svez
svěžestech                    svez
svěžestem                     svez
svěžestí                      svezes
svěžestmi                     svezestm
svěžesti                      svezest
obrozenství                   obrozen
obrozenstvím                  obrozenstv
obrozenstvích                 obrozenstv
obrozenstvími                 obrozenstvim
darebáctví                    dareb
darebáctvím                   darebactv
darebáctvích                  darebactv
darebáctvími                  darebactvim
smilstvo                      smil
smilstvu                      smilst
smilstvech                    smil
smilstva                      smils
smilstvem                     smil
smilstvům                     smil
smilstev                      smilst
smilstvy                      smilst
kantořinou                    kantor
kantořin                      kantorin
kantořina                     kantor
kantořinám                    kantor
kantořiny                     kantor
kantořinu                     kantor
kantořinami                   kantor
kantořině                     kantor
kantořinách                   kantor
kantořino                     kantor
volovinou                     vol
volovin                       volovin
volovina                      vol
volovinám                     vol
voloviny                      volov
volovinu                      volov
volovinami                    vol
volovině                      volov
volovinách                    vol
volovino                      volov
intelektuálštinou             intelektual
intelektuálštin               intelektualstin
intelektuálština              intelektual
intelektuálštinám             intelektual
intelektuálštiny              intelektualst
intelektuálštinu              intelektualst
intelektuálštinami            intelektual
intelektuálštině              intelektualst
intelektuálštinách            intelektual
intelektuálštino              intelektualst
nahotou                       nah
nahot                         nah
nahota                        nah
nahotám                       nah
nahoty                        nah
nahotu                        nah
nahotami                      nah
nahotě                        nah
nahotách                      nah
nahoto                        nah
chudobou                      chud
chudob                        chudob
chudoba                       chud
chudobám                      chud
chudoby                       chud
chudobu                       chud
chudobami                     chud
chudobě                       chud
chudobách                     chud
chudobo                       chud
hloubkou                      hloub
hloubko                       hloub
hloubce                       hloub
hloubkách                     hloub
hloubky                       hloub
hloubku                       hloub
hloubek                       hloub
hloubka                       hloub
hloubkám                      hloub
hloubkami                     hloub
tragičně                      tragic
tragičnem                     trag
tragično                      trag
tragičnu                      tragic
tragičen                      tragic
tragičny                      tragic
tragičnech                    trag
tragičnům                     trag
tragična                      tragic
žádoucně                      zadouc
žádoucnem                     zadouc
žádoucno                      zadouc
žádoucnu                      zadouc
žádoucen                      zadouc
žádoucny                      zadouc
žádoucnech                    zadouc
žádoucnům                     zadouc
žádoucna                      zadouc
tragikou                      trag
tragiko                       trag
tragice                       trag
tragikách                     trag
tragiky                       trag
tragiku                       trag
tragik                        trag
tragika                       trag
tragikám                      trag
tragikami                     trag
elegance                      eleg
elegancím                     eleganc
elegancích                    eleg
elegancí                      eleganc
elegancemi                    eleganc
eleganci                      eleg
koherence                     koher
koherencím                    koherenc
koherencích                   koheren
koherencí                     koherenc
koherencemi                   koherenc
koherenci                     koheren
tyranie                       tyran
tyraniím                      tyran
tyraniích                     tyran
tyranií                       tyran
tyraniemi                     tyran
tyranii                       tyran
kandidatury                   kandid
kandidatur                    kandid
kandidaturách                 kandid
kandidatuře                   kandidatur
kandidaturu                   kandid
kandidaturou                  kandid
kandidaturo                   kandid
kandidatura                   kandid
kandidaturám                  kandid
kandidaturami                 kandid
nositele                      nosit
nositel                       nos
nositelem                     nosit
nositelích                    nos
nositelům                     nosit
nositeli                      nos
nositelů                      nos
nositelé                      nos
vychovatele                   vychovat
vychovatel                    vych
vychovatelem                  vychovat
vychovatelích                 vych
vychovatelům                  vychovat
vychovateli                   vych
vychovatelů                   vych
vychovatelé                   vych
žalobcové                     zalobc
žalobce                       zalob
žalobcem                      zalob
žalobcích                     zalob
žalobcovi                     zalobc
žalobcům                      zalob
žalobců                       zalob
žalobci                       zalob
velitele                      velit
velitel                       vel
velitelem                     velit
velitelích                    vel
velitelům                     velit
veliteli                      vel
velitelů                      vel
velitelé                      vel
nakladače                     naklad
nakladač                      nakladac
nakladačem                    nakladac
nakladačích                   nakladac
nakladačům                    nakladac
nakladači                     nakladac
nakladačů                     nakladac
chodče                        chod
chodců                        chod
chodcem                       chod
chodce                        chod
chodci                        chod
chodcích                      chod
chodec                        chod
chodcům                       chod
popravčí                      poprav
popravčího                    popravcih
popravčímu                    popravcim
popravčím                     popravc
popravčích                    popravc
popravčími                    popravcim
šplhoune                      splhoun
šplhounové                    splhoun
šplhouna                      splhoun
šplhoun                       splhoun
šplhounech                    splhounech
šplhounem                     splhounem
šplhouny                      splhoun
šplhounu                      splhoun
šplhounovi                    splhoun
šplhounům                     splhounum
šplhounů                      splhoun
šplhouni                      splhoun
redaktore                     redak
redaktora                     redakt
redaktor                      redak
redaktorech                   redak
redaktorem                    redak
redaktory                     redaktor
redaktoru                     redaktor
redaktorovi                   redak
redaktorům                    redak
redaktorů                     redak
redaktoři                     redak
maturante                     matur
maturanta                     matur
maturant                      matur
maturantech                   matur
maturantem                    matur
maturanty                     matur
maturantu                     matur
maturantovi                   matur
maturantům                    matur
maturantů                     matur
maturanti                     maturant
producente                    produc
producenta                    produc
producent                     produc
producentech                  produc
producentem                   produc
producenty                    produc
producentu                    produc
producentovi                  produc
producentům                   produc
producentů                    produc
producenti                    producent
vysílače                      vysil
vysílač                       vysilac
vysílačem                     vysilac
vysílačích                    vysilac
vysílačům                     vysilac
vysílači                      vysilac
vysílačů                      vysilac
pohrabáče                     pohrab
pohrabáč                      pohrab
pohrabáčem                    pohrab
pohrabáčích                   pohrab
pohrabáčům                    pohrab
pohrabáči                     pohrab
pohrabáčů                     pohrab
houpačkou                     houp
houpačko                      houpac
houpačce                      houpac
houpačkách                    houpac
houpačky                      houpac
houpačku                      houpac
houpaček                      houpac
houpačka                      houp
houpačkám                     houp
houpačkami                    houp
sedadle                       sed
sedadlům                      sed
sedadly                       sed
sedadlech                     sed
sedadla                       sed
sedadlem                      sed
sedadlo                       sed
sedadel                       sed
sedadlu                       sed
ukazovátkům                   ukazov
ukazovátkem                   ukazov
ukazovátko                    ukazov
ukazovátky                    ukazov
ukazovátkách                  ukazov
ukazovátku                    ukazov
ukazovátek                    ukazovat
ukazovátka                    ukazov
oběživ                        obeziv
oběživa                       obez
oběživech                     obez
oběživy                       obez
oběživem                      obez
oběživu                       obez
oběživům                      obez
oběživě                       obeziv
oběživo                       obez
paliv                         paliv
paliva                        pal
palivech                      pal
palivy                        pal
palivem                       pal
palivu                        pal
palivům                       pal
palivo                        pal
sedl                          sedl
sedla                         sedl
sedlech                       sedl
sedly                         sedl
sedlem                        sedl
sedlu                         sedl
sedlům                        sedl
sedlo                         sed
anestetikům                   anestet
anestetikem                   anestet
anestetiky                    anestet
anestetikách                  anestet
anestetikum                   anestet
anestetiku                    anestet
anestetik                     anestet
anesteticích                  anestet
anestetika                    anestet
sázení                        saz
sázením                       saz
sázeních                      saz
sázeními                      sazenim
nucení                        nuc
nucením                       nuc
nuceních                      nuc
nuceními                      nucenim
chlazení                      chlaz
chlazením                     chlaz
chlazeních                    chlaz
chlazeními                    chlazenim
tažení                        taz
tažením                       taz
taženích                      taz
taženími                      tazenim
sedativ                       sedativ
sedativa                      sedat
sedativech                    sedat
sedativum                     sedat
sedativy                      sedat
sedativem                     sedat
sedativu                      sedat
sedativům                     sedat
jekote                        jek
jekot                         jek
jekotech                      jek
jekotem                       jek
jekoty                        jek
jekotu                        jek
jekotům                       jek
jekotů                        jek
škytavkou                     skyt
škytavko                      skytav
škytavce                      skytav
škytavkách                    skytav
škytavky                      skytav
škytavku                      skytav
škytavek                      skytav
škytavka                      skyt
škytavkám                     skyt
škytavkami                    skyt
tancovačkou                   tancov
tancovačko                    tancovac
tancovačce                    tancovac
tancovačkách                  tancovac
tancovačky                    tancovac
tancovačku                    tancovac
tancovaček                    tancovac
tancovačka                    tancov
tancovačkám                   tancov
tancovačkami                  tancov
přestavbu                     prestav
přestaveb                     prestav
přestavbám                    prestav
přestavba                     prestav
přestavbo                     prestav
přestavbě                     prestav
přestavbách                   prestav
přestavby                     prestav
přestavbou                    prestav
přestavbami                   prestav
ženitbu                       zen
ženiteb                       zen
ženitbám                      zen
ženitba                       zen
ženitbo                       zen
ženitbě                       zen
ženitbách                     zen
ženitby                       zen
ženitbou                      zen
ženitbami                     zen
mačkanice                     mack
mačkanicím                    mackanic
mačkanic                      mackanic
mačkanicích                   mackan
mačkanicí                     mackanic
mačkanicemi                   mackanic
mačkanici                     mackan
chumelenice                   chumel
chumelenicím                  chumelenic
chumelenic                    chumelenic
chumelenicích                 chumelen
chumelenicí                   chumelenic
chumelenicemi                 chumelenic
chumelenici                   chumelen
pastvách                      pas
pastvo                        past
pastvou                       pas
pastvu                        past
pastvám                       pas
pastvě                        pas
pastva                        pas
pastvami                      pas
pastev                        past
pastvy                        past
koncese                       konc
koncesím                      konces
koncesích                     konces
koncesí                       konces
koncesemi                     konces
koncesi                       konces
reflexe                       refl
reflexím                      reflex
reflexích                     reflex
reflexí                       reflex
reflexemi                     reflex
reflexi                       reflex
kontroverze                   kontrover
kontroverzím                  kontroverz
kontroverzích                 kontrov
kontroverzí                   kontroverz
kontroverzemi                 kontroverz
kontroverzi                   kontrov
inventury                     inven
inventur                      inven
inventurách                   inven
inventuře                     inventur
inventuru                     inven
inventurou                    inven
inventuro                     inven
inventura                     inven
inventurám                    inven
inventurami                   inven
statemente                    stat
statement                     stat
statementech                  stat
statementem                   stat
statementy                    stat
statementu                    stat
statementům                   stat
statementů                    stat
pánův                         panuv
pánova                        pan
pánovu                        pan
pánově                        panov
pánovým                       panovym
pánové                        pan
pánovou                       panov
pánovo                        pan
matčin                        matcin
matčina                       matc
matčinu                       matc
matčině                       matc
matčiným                      matcinym
matčiny                       matc
matčinou                      matc
matčino                       matc
matčiným                      matcinym
matčini                       matc
matčinými                     matcinym
německých                     nemeckych
německá                       nemeck
německými                     nemeckym
německou                      nemec
německému                     nemeckem
němečtí                       nemec
německém                      nemeckem
německý                       nemeck
německé                       nemeck
německého                     nemeckeh
německým                      nemeckym
němečtější                    nemectejs
králičími                     kralicim
králičím                      kralic
králičímu                     kralicim
králičích                     kralic
králičí                       kral
králičího                     kralicih
prasečími                     prasecim
prasečím                      prasec
prasečímu                     prasecim
prasečích                     prasec
prasečí                       pras
prasečího                     prasecih
kuřecími                      kurecim
kuřecím                       kur
kuřecímu                      kurecim
kuřecích                      kur
kuřecí                        kur
kuřecího                      kurecih
sousedskému                   sousedskem
sousedskou                    souseds
sousedským                    sousedskym
sousedský                     sousedsk
sousedští                     souseds
sousedském                    sousedskem
sousedského                   sousedskeh
sousedská                     sousedsk
sousedštější                  sousedstejs
sousedských                   sousedskych
sousedskými                   sousedskym
sousedské                     sousedsk
macešskému                    macesskem
macešskou                     macess
macešským                     macesskym
macešský                      macessk
macešští                      macess
macešském                     macesskem
macešského                    macesskeh
macešská                      macessk
macešských                    macesskych
macešskými                    macesskym
macešské                      macessk
soudružskému                  soudruzskem
soudružskou                   soudruzs
soudružským                   soudruzskym
soudružský                    soudruzsk
soudružští                    soudruzs
soudružském                   soudruzskem
soudružského                  soudruzskeh
soudružská                    soudruzsk
soudružštější                 soudruzstejs
soudružských                  soudruzskych
soudružskými                  soudruzskym
soudružské                    soudruzsk
čertovskému                   certovskem
čertovskou                    certovs
čertovským                    certovskym
čertovský                     certovsk
čertovští                     certovs
čertovském                    certovskem
čertovského                   certovskeh
čertovská                     certovsk
čertovštější                  certovstejs
čertovských                   certovskych
čertovskými                   certovskym
čertovské                     certovsk
severními                     severnim
severním                      sev
severnější                    severnejs
severnímu                     severnim
severních                     sev
severní                       sever
severního                     severnih
maloulinkého                  maloulinkeh
maloulinkou                   maloul
maloulinké                    maloul
maloulincí                    maloulinc
maloulinkému                  maloulinkem
maloulinkých                  maloulinkych
maloulinkém                   maloulinkem
maloulinká                    maloulink
maloulinký                    maloulink
maloulinkými                  maloulinkym
maloulinkým                   maloulinkym
nigerijskému                  nigerijskem
nigerijskou                   nigerijs
nigerijským                   nigerijskym
nigerijský                    nigerijsk
nigerijští                    nigerijs
nigerijském                   nigerijskem
nigerijského                  nigerijskeh
nigerijská                    nigerijsk
nigerijštější                 nigerijstejs
nigerijských                  nigerijskych
nigerijskými                  nigerijskym
nigerijské                    nigerijsk
měděnému                      medenem
měděnou                       med
měděnými                      medenym
měděná                        med
měděnější                     medenejs
měděným                       medenym
měděný                        meden
mědění                        med
měděném                       medenem
měděných                      medenych
měděného                      medeneh
měděné                        med
tvarohovému                   tvarohovem
tvarohovou                    tvarohov
tvarohovými                   tvarohovym
tvarohová                     tvaroh
tvarohovější                  tvarohovejs
tvarohovým                    tvarohovym
tvarohový                     tvarohov
tvarohoví                     tvaroh
tvarohovém                    tvarohovem
tvarohových                   tvarohovych
tvarohového                   tvarohoveh
tvarohové                     tvaroh
mléčnému                      mlecnem
mléčnou                       mlec
mléčnými                      mlecnym
mléčná                        mlec
mléčnější                     mlecnejs
mléčným                       mlecnym
mléčný                        mlecn
mléční                        mlec
mléčném                       mlecnem
mléčných                      mlecnych
mléčného                      mlecneh
mléčné                        mlec
střešními                     stresnim
střešním                      stres
střešnímu                     stresnim
střešních                     stres
střešní                       stres
střešního                     stresnih
vandrovními                   vandrovnim
vandrovním                    vandr
vandrovnější                  vandrovnejs
vandrovnímu                   vandrovnim
vandrovních                   vandr
vandrovní                     vandrov
vandrovního                   vandrovnih
mosaznému                     mosaznem
mosaznou                      mosaz
mosaznými                     mosaznym
mosazná                       mosaz
mosaznější                    mosaznejs
mosazným                      mosaznym
mosazný                       mosazn
mosazní                       mosaz
mosazném                      mosaznem
mosazných                     mosaznych
mosazného                     mosazneh
mosazné                       mosaz
hrbatému                      hrbatem
hrbatou                       hrbat
hrbatými                      hrbatym
hrbatá                        hrbat
hrbatější                     hrbatejs
hrbatým                       hrbatym
hrbatý                        hrbat
hrbatí                        hrbat
hrbatém                       hrbatem
hrbatých                      hrbatych
hrbatého                      hrbateh
hrbaté                        hrbat
vousatému                     vousatem
vousatou                      vousat
vousatými                     vousatym
vousatá                       vousat
vousatější                    vousatejs
vousatým                      vousatym
vousatý                       vousat
vousatí                       vous
vousatém                      vousatem
vousatých                     vousatych
vousatého                     vousateh
vousaté                       vousat
písečnatému                   pisecnatem
písečnatou                    pisecnat
písečnatými                   pisecnatym
písečnatá                     pisecnat
písečnatější                  pisecnatejs
písečnatým                    pisecnatym
písečnatý                     pisecnat
písečnatí                     pisecn
písečnatém                    pisecnatem
písečnatých                   pisecnatych
písečnatého                   pisecnateh
písečnaté                     pisecnat
kamenitému                    kamenitem
kamenitou                     kamen
kamenitými                    kamenitym
kamenitá                      kamenit
kamenitější                   kamenitejs
kamenitým                     kamenitym
kamenitý                      kamenit
kamenití                      kamen
kamenitém                     kamenitem
kamenitých                    kamenitych
kamenitého                    kameniteh
kamenité                      kamenit
pruhovanému                   pruhovanem
pruhovanou                    pruhov
pruhovanými                   pruhovanym
pruhovaná                     pruhov
pruhovanější                  pruhovanejs
pruhovaným                    pruhovanym
pruhovaný                     pruhovan
pruhovaní                     pruhov
pruhovaném                    pruhovanem
pruhovaných                   pruhovanych
pruhovaného                   pruhovaneh
pruhované                     pruhov
kopcovitému                   kopcovitem
kopcovitou                    kopcov
kopcovitými                   kopcovitym
kopcovitá                     kopcovit
kopcovitější                  kopcovitejs
kopcovitým                    kopcovitym
kopcovitý                     kopcovit
kopcovití                     kopcov
kopcovitém                    kopcovitem
kopcovitých                   kopcovitych
kopcovitého                   kopcoviteh
kopcovité                     kopcovit
mléčnému                      mlecnem
mléčnou                       mlec
mléčnými                      mlecnym
mléčná                        mlec
mléčnější                     mlecnejs
mléčným                       mlecnym
mléčný                        mlecn
mléční                        mlec
mléčném                       mlecnem
mléčných                      mlecnych
mléčného                      mlecneh
mléčné                        mlec
červivému                     cervivem
červivou                      cerviv
červivými                     cervivym
červivá                       cerviv
červivější                    cervivejs
červivým                      cervivym
červivý                       cerviv
červiví                       cerviv
červivém                      cervivem
červivých                     cervivych
červivého                     cerviveh
červivé                       cerviv
mladounkého                   mladounkeh
mladounkou                    mlad
mladounké                     mlad
mladouncí                     mladounc
mladounkému                   mladounkem
mladounkých                   mladounkych
mladounkém                    mladounkem
mladounká                     mladounk
mladounký                     mladounk
mladounkými                   mladounkym
mladounkým                    mladounkym
uhelnému                      uhelnem
uhelnou                       uhel
uhelnými                      uhelnym
uhelná                        uhel
uhelným                       uhelnym
uhelný                        uheln
uhelní                        uhel
uhelném                       uhelnem
uhelných                      uhelnych
uhelného                      uhelneh
uhelné                        uhel
dusičnému                     dusicnem
dusičnou                      dusic
dusičnými                     dusicnym
dusičná                       dusic
dusičným                      dusicnym
dusičný                       dusicn
dusiční                       dusic
dusičném                      dusicnem
dusičných                     dusicnych
dusičného                     dusicneh
dusičné                       dusic
uhelnatému                    uhelnatem
uhelnatou                     uhelnat
uhelnatými                    uhelnatym
uhelnatá                      uhelnat
uhelnatější                   uhelnatejs
uhelnatým                     uhelnatym
uhelnatý                      uhelnat
uhelnatí                      uheln
uhelnatém                     uhelnatem
uhelnatých                    uhelnatych
uhelnatého                    uhelnateh
uhelnaté                      uhelnat
chlorečnému                   chlorecnem
chlorečnou                    chlorec
chlorečnými                   chlorecnym
chlorečná                     chlorec
chlorečným                    chlorecnym
chlorečný                     chlorecn
chloreční                     chlorec
chlorečném                    chlorecnem
chlorečných                   chlorecnych
chlorečného                   chlorecneh
chlorečné                     chlorec
uhličitému                    uhlicitem
uhličitou                     uhlic
uhličitými                    uhlicitym
uhličitá                      uhlicit
uhličitým                     uhlicitym
uhličitý                      uhlicit
uhličití                      uhlic
uhličitém                     uhlicitem
uhličitých                    uhlicitych
uhličitého                    uhliciteh
uhličité                      uhlicit
sírovému                      sirovem
sírovou                       sirov
sírovými                      sirovym
sírová                        sir
sírovým                       sirovym
sírový                        sirov
síroví                        sir
sírovém                       sirovem
sírových                      sirovych
sírového                      siroveh
sírové                        sir
osmičelému                    osmicelem
osmičelou                     osmicel
osmičelými                    osmicelym
osmičelá                      osmicel
osmičelým                     osmicelym
osmičelý                      osmicel
osmičelí                      osmicel
osmičelém                     osmicelem
osmičelých                    osmicelych
osmičelého                    osmiceleh
osmičelé                      osmicel
železitému                    zelezitem
železitou                     zelez
železitými                    zelezitym
železitá                      zelezit
železitým                     zelezitym
železitý                      zelezit
železití                      zelez
železitém                     zelezitem
železitých                    zelezitych
železitého                    zeleziteh
železité                      zelezit
chloristému                   chloristem
chloristou                    chlor
chloristými                   chloristym
chloristá                     chlorist
chloristým                    chloristym
chloristý                     chlorist
chloristí                     chloris
chloristém                    chloristem
chloristých                   chloristych
chloristého                   chloristeh
chloristé                     chlorist
bolestivému                   bolestivem
bolestivou                    bolestiv
bolestivými                   bolestivym
bolestivá                     bolestiv
bolestivější                  bolestivejs
bolestivým                    bolestivym
bolestivý                     bolestiv
bolestiví                     bolestiv
bolestivém                    bolestivem
bolestivých                   bolestivych
bolestivého                   bolestiveh
bolestivé                     bolestiv
loupeživému                   loupezivem
loupeživou                    loupeziv
loupeživými                   loupezivym
loupeživá                     loupeziv
loupeživější                  loupezivejs
loupeživým                    loupezivym
loupeživý                     loupeziv
loupeživí                     loupeziv
loupeživém                    loupezivem
loupeživých                   loupezivych
loupeživého                   loupeziveh
loupeživé                     loupeziv
bázlivému                     bazlivem
bázlivou                      bazliv
bázlivými                     bazlivym
bázlivá                       bazliv
bázlivější                    bazlivejs
bázlivým                      bazlivym
bázlivý                       bazliv
bázliví                       bazliv
bázlivém                      bazlivem
bázlivých                     bazlivych
bázlivého                     bazliveh
bázlivé                       bazliv
pověrčivému                   povercivem
pověrčivou                    poverciv
pověrčivými                   povercivym
pověrčivá                     poverciv
pověrčivější                  povercivejs
pověrčivým                    povercivym
pověrčivý                     poverciv
pověrčiví                     poverciv
pověrčivém                    povercivem
pověrčivých                   povercivych
pověrčivého                   poverciveh
pověrčivé                     poverciv
vyprahlému                    vyprahlem
vyprahlejší                   vyprahlejs
vyprahlou                     vyprahl
vyprahlými                    vyprahlym
vyprahlá                      vyprahl
vyprahlým                     vyprahlym
vyprahlý                      vyprahl
vyprahlí                      vyprahl
vyprahlém                     vyprahlem
vyprahlých                    vyprahlych
vyprahlého                    vyprahleh
vyprahlé                      vyprahl
změkčilému                    zmekcilem
změkčilejší                   zmekcilejs
změkčilou                     zmekcil
změkčilými                    zmekcilym
změkčilá                      zmekcil
změkčilým                     zmekcilym
změkčilý                      zmekcil
změkčilí                      zmekcil
změkčilém                     zmekcilem
změkčilých                    zmekcilych
změkčilého                    zmekcileh
změkčilé                      zmekcil
malilinkého                   malilinkeh
malilinkou                    malil
malilinké                     malil
malilincí                     malilinc
malilinkému                   malilinkem
malilinkých                   malilinkych
malilinkém                    malilinkem
malilinká                     malilink
malilinký                     malilink
malilinkými                   malilinkym
malilinkým                    malilinkym
nenechavému                   nenechavem
nenechavou                    nenechav
nenechavými                   nenechavym
nenechavá                     nenechav
nenechavější                  nenechavejs
nenechavým                    nenechavym
nenechavý                     nenechav
nenechaví                     nenechav
nenechavém                    nenechavem
nenechavých                   nenechavych
nenechavého                   nenechaveh
nenechavé                     nenechav
pichlavému                    pichlavem
pichlavou                     pichlav
pichlavými                    pichlavym
pichlavá                      pichlav
pichlavější                   pichlavejs
pichlavým                     pichlavym
pichlavý                      pichlav
pichlaví                      pichlav
pichlavém                     pichlavem
pichlavých                    pichlavych
pichlavého                    pichlaveh
pichlavé                      pichlav
lepkavému                     lepkavem
lepkavou                      lepkav
lepkavými                     lepkavym
lepkavá                       lepkav
lepkavější                    lepkavejs
lepkavým                      lepkavym
lepkavý                       lepkav
lepkaví                       lepkav
lepkavém                      lepkavem
lepkavých                     lepkavych
lepkavého                     lepkaveh
lepkavé                       lepkav
pohyblivému                   pohyblivem
pohyblivou                    pohybliv
pohyblivými                   pohyblivym
pohyblivá                     pohybliv
pohyblivější                  pohyblivejs
pohyblivým                    pohyblivym
pohyblivý                     pohybliv
pohybliví                     pohybliv
pohyblivém                    pohyblivem
pohyblivých                   pohyblivych
pohyblivého                   pohybliveh
pohyblivé                     pohybliv
nemohoucnému                  nemohoucnem
nemohoucnou                   nemohouc
nemohoucnými                  nemohoucnym
nemohoucná                    nemohouc
nemohoucnější                 nemohoucnejs
nemohoucným                   nemohoucnym
nemohoucný                    nemohoucn
nemohoucní                    nemohouc
nemohoucném                   nemohoucnem
nemohoucných                  nemohoucnych
nemohoucného                  nemohoucneh
nemohoucné                    nemohouc
stojatému                     stojatem
stojatou                      stojat
stojatými                     stojatym
stojatá                       stojat
stojatější                    stojatejs
stojatým                      stojatym
stojatý                       stojat
stojatí                       stoj
stojatém                      stojatem
stojatých                     stojatych
stojatého                     stojateh
stojaté                       stojat
mohutnému                     mohutnem
mohutnou                      mohut
mohutnými                     mohutnym
mohutná                       mohut
mohutnější                    mohutnejs
mohutným                      mohutnym
mohutný                       mohutn
mohutní                       mohut
mohutném                      mohutnem
mohutných                     mohutnych
mohutného                     mohutneh
mohutné                       mohut
smrdutému                     smrdutem
smrdutou                      smrdut
smrdutými                     smrdutym
smrdutá                       smrdut
smrdutější                    smrdutejs
smrdutým                      smrdutym
smrdutý                       smrdut
smrdutí                       smrdut
smrdutém                      smrdutem
smrdutých                     smrdutych
smrdutého                     smrduteh
smrduté                       smrdut
upovídanému                   upovidanem
upovídanou                    upovid
upovídanými                   upovidanym
upovídaná                     upovid
upovídanější                  upovidanejs
upovídaným                    upovidanym
upovídaný                     upovidan
upovídaní                     upovid
upovídaném                    upovidanem
upovídaných                   upovidanych
upovídaného                   upovidaneh
upovídané                     upovid
rozdychtěnému                 rozdychtenem
rozdychtěnou                  rozdycht
rozdychtěnými                 rozdychtenym
rozdychtěná                   rozdycht
rozdychtěnější                rozdychtenejs
rozdychtěným                  rozdychtenym
rozdychtěný                   rozdychten
rozdychtění                   rozdycht
rozdychtěném                  rozdychtenem
rozdychtěných                 rozdychtenych
rozdychtěného                 rozdychteneh
rozdychtěné                   rozdycht
ovladatelnému                 ovladatelnem
ovladatelnou                  ovlad
ovladatelnými                 ovladatelnym
ovladatelná                   ovladatel
ovladatelnější                ovladatelnejs
ovladatelným                  ovladatelnym
ovladatelný                   ovladateln
ovladatelní                   ovladatel
ovladatelném                  ovladatelnem
ovladatelných                 ovladatelnych
ovladatelného                 ovladatelneh
ovladatelné                   ovladatel
zasažitelnému                 zasazitelnem
zasažitelnou                  zasaz
zasažitelnými                 zasazitelnym
zasažitelná                   zasazitel
zasažitelnější                zasazitelnejs
zasažitelným                  zasazitelnym
zasažitelný                   zasaziteln
zasažitelní                   zasazitel
zasažitelném                  zasazitelnem
zasažitelných                 zasazitelnych
zasažitelného                 zasazitelneh
zasažitelné                   zasazitel
srozumitelnému                srozumitelnem
srozumitelnou                 srozum
srozumitelnými                srozumitelnym
srozumitelná                  srozumitel
srozumitelnější               srozumitelnejs
srozumitelným                 srozumitelnym
srozumitelný                  srozumiteln
srozumitelní                  srozumitel
srozumitelném                 srozumitelnem
srozumitelných                srozumitelnych
srozumitelného                srozumitelneh
srozumitelné                  srozumitel
mladinkého                    mladinkeh
mladinkou                     mlad
mladinké                      mlad
mladincí                      mladinc
mladinkému                    mladinkem
mladinkých                    mladinkych
mladinkém                     mladinkem
mladinká                      mladink
mladinký                      mladink
mladinkými                    mladinkym
mladinkým                     mladinkym
tiskacími                     tiskacim
tiskacím                      tiskac
tiskacímu                     tiskacim
tiskacích                     tis
tiskací                       tiskac
tiskacího                     tiskacih
pečícími                      pecicim
pečícím                       pecic
pečícímu                      pecicim
pečících                      pec
pečící                        pecic
pečícího                      pecicih
dokonalejšími                 dokonalejsim
dokonalejším                  dokonalejs
dokonalejšímu                 dokonalejsim
dokonalejších                 dokonalejs
dokonalejší                   dokonalejs
dokonalejšího                 dokonalejsih
vyvinutějšími                 vyvinutejsim
vyvinutějším                  vyvinutejs
vyvinutějšímu                 vyvinutejsim
vyvinutějších                 vyvinutejs
vyvinutější                   vyvinutejs
vyvinutějšího                 vyvinutejsih
mladičkého                    mladickeh
mladičkou                     mlad
mladičké                      mladick
mladičcí                      mladicc
mladičkému                    mladickem
mladičkých                    mladickych
mladičkém                     mladickem
mladičká                      mladick
mladičký                      mladick
mladičkými                    mladickym
mladičkým                     mladickym
velikánského                  velikanskeh
velikánskou                   velikans
velikánské                    velikansk
velikánscí                    velikansc
velikánskému                  velikanskem
velikánských                  velikanskych
velikánském                   velikanskem
velikánská                    velikansk
velikánský                    velikansk
velikánskými                  velikanskym
velikánským                   velikanskym
maličičkého                   malicickeh
maličičkou                    malic
maličičké                     malicick
maličičcí                     malicicc
maličičkému                   malicickem
maličičkých                   malicickych
maličičkém                    malicickem
maličičká                     malicick
maličičký                     malicick
maličičkými                   malicickym
maličičkým                    malicickym
drobouninkého                 drobouninkeh
drobouninkou                  droboun
drobouninké                   droboun
drobounincí                   drobouninc
drobouninkému                 drobouninkem
drobouninkých                 drobouninkych
drobouninkém                  drobouninkem
drobouninká                   drobounink
drobouninký                   drobounink
drobouninkými                 drobouninkym
drobouninkým                  drobouninkym
mlaďoučkého                   mladouckeh
mlaďoučkou                    mlad
mlaďoučké                     mladouck
mlaďoučcí                     mladoucc
mlaďoučkému                   mladouckem
mlaďoučkých                   mladouckych
mlaďoučkém                    mladouckem
mlaďoučká                     mladouck
mlaďoučký                     mladouck
mlaďoučkými                   mladouckym
mlaďoučkým                    mladouckym
bereš                         beres
bereme                        berem
bráno                         bran
bráni                         bran
bere                          ber
brána                         bran
brán                          bran
bral                          bral
brala                         bral
beru                          ber
berme                         berm
bera                          ber
berete                        ber
berou                         ber
ber                           ber
brali                         bral
berouc                        berouc
braly                         bral
brány                         bran
bralo                         bral
berouce                       ber
berte                         bert
čistěni                       cist
čistěny                       cist
čistíc                        cistic
čistěna                       cist
čistíce                       cist
čistě                         cis
čistěn                        cisten
čistila                       cist
čistíme                       cistim
čištěn                        cisten
čistěme                       cistem
čištěna                       cist
čistili                       cistil
čistíš                        cistis
čistěno                       cist
čistím                        cist
čistily                       cist
čištěni                       cist
čistil                        cistil
čistí                         cis
čištěno                       cist
čistěte                       cist
čistilo                       cist
čištěny                       cist
čisti                         cist
čistíte                       cistit
mine                          min
minuv                         minuv
minuti                        minut
minula                        min
minuly                        min
minu                          min
minuvši                       minuvs
minouc                        minouc
miňme                         minm
minuto                        minut
minuli                        minul
minuta                        minut
minouce                       min
miňte                         mint
minou                         min
mineš                         mines
minut                         minut
minuvše                       minuvs
miň                           min
minul                         minul
minete                        min
mina                          min
minuty                        minut
minulo                        min
mineme                        minem
uhrane                        uhr
uhranuv                       uhranuv
uhranuti                      uhranut
uhranula                      uhran
uhranuly                      uhran
uhranu                        uhr
uhranuvši                     uhranuvs
uhranouc                      uhranouc
uhraňme                       uhranm
uhranuto                      uhranut
uhranuli                      uhranul
uhranuta                      uhranut
uhranouce                     uhran
uhraňte                       uhrant
uhranou                       uhr
uhraneš                       uhranes
uhranut                       uhranut
uhranuvše                     uhranuvs
uhraň                         uhr
uhranul                       uhranul
uhranete                      uhran
uhrana                        uhr
uhranuty                      uhranut
uhranulo                      uhran
uhraneme                      uhranem
chozeni                       choz
chozen                        choz
chodily                       chod
chodila                       chod
chodíc                        chodic
chodíš                        chodis
chozeny                       choz
chodě                         chod
chodili                       chodil
choď                          chod
chodíce                       chod
chozeno                       choz
chozena                       choz
chodím                        chod
chodíme                       chodim
choďte                        chodt
chodil                        chodil
chodilo                       chod
chodíte                       chodit
choďme                        chodm
chodí                         chod
kryjme                        kryjm
kryje                         kryj
kryju                         kryj
kryjte                        kryjt
kryj                          kryj
kryti                         kryt
kryjíc                        kryjic
kryto                         kryt
kryla                         kryl
kryjíce                       kryj
krylo                         kryl
kryta                         kryt
kryt                          kryt
kryjete                       kryj
kryjou                        kryj
kryješ                        kryjes
kryjí                         kryj
kryly                         kryl
kryl                          kryl
kryjeme                       kryjem
kryli                         kryl
kryty                         kryt
kryji                         kryj
obujme                        obujm
obuje                         obuj
obuju                         obuj
obujte                        obujt
obuj                          obuj
obuti                         obut
obujíc                        obujic
obuto                         obut
obula                         ob
obujíce                       obuj
obulo                         ob
obuta                         obut
obut                          obut
obujete                       obuj
obujou                        obuj
obuješ                        obujes
obují                         obuj
obuly                         ob
obul                          obul
obujeme                       obujem
obuli                         obul
obuty                         obut
obuji                         obuj
kupováni                      kup
kupujeme                      kupujem
kupovány                      kup
kupovali                      kupoval
kupují                        kupuj
kupuje                        kupuj
kupujíce                      kupuj
kupuji                        kupuj
kupováno                      kupov
kupujete                      kupuj
kupovaly                      kupov
kupovalo                      kupov
kupujíc                       kupujic
kupován                       kupov
kupoval                       kupoval
kupuj                         kupuj
kupujme                       kupujm
kupujte                       kupujt
kupujou                       kupuj
kupuješ                       kupujes
kupuju                        kupuj
kupována                      kupov
kupovala                      kupov
mazány                        maz
mazali                        mazal
mažme                         mazm
mažeme                        mazem
mažu                          maz
mazáno                        maz
mazalo                        maz
mazáni                        maz
mazán                         maz
mažíce                        maz
maže                          maz
mazal                         mazal
mažou                         maz
mažeš                         mazes
mažíc                         mazic
mazala                        maz
mazaly                        maz
mazána                        maz
maž                           maz
mažete                        maz
mažte                         mazt
sázeje                        sazej
sázíte                        sazit
sázely                        saz
sázejme                       sazejm
sázelo                        saz
sázejí                        sazej
sázíš                         sazis
sázíme                        sazim
sázejíc                       sazejic
sázeny                        saz
sázeni                        saz
sázeno                        saz
sázím                         saz
sázej                         sazej
sázen                         saz
sázejíce                      sazej
sázela                        saz
sází                          saz
sázena                        saz
sázeli                        sazel
sázel                         saz
sázejte                       sazejt
nesa                          nes
neseš                         neses
nesla                         nes
nesu                          nes
neslo                         nes
nesete                        nes
neseny                        nes
neseni                        nes
nese                          nes
nesou                         nes
neseno                        nes
nes                           nes
neste                         nest
nesme                         nesm
nesouc                        nesouc
nesouce                       nes
nesly                         nes
nesen                         nes
nesl                          nesl
nesena                        nes
nesli                         nesl
neseme                        nesem
kveta                         kvet
kveteš                        kvetes
kvetla                        kvet
kvetu                         kvet
kvetlo                        kvet
kvetete                       kvet
kveteny                       kvet
kveteni                       kvet
kvete                         kvet
kvetou                        kvet
kveteno                       kvet
kvet                          kvet
kvette                        kvet
kvetme                        kvetm
kvetouc                       kvetouc
kvetouce                      kvet
kvetly                        kvet
kveten                        kvet
kvetl                         kvetl
kvetena                       kvet
kvetli                        kvetl
kveteme                       kvetem
pekl                          pekl
pečeno                        pec
peč                           pec
peču                          pec
pečena                        pec
pečeni                        pec
peka                          pek
pečte                         pect
pekly                         pek
pečme                         pecm
peče                          pec
pečete                        pec
pečeš                         peces
pečeme                        pecem
pekouce                       pek
pekouc                        pekouc
pečen                         pec
pečeny                        pec
peklo                         pek
pekla                         pek
pekli                         pekl
pečou                         pec
tlukl                         tlukl
tlučeno                       tluc
tluč                          tluc
tluču                         tluc
tlučena                       tluc
tlučeni                       tluc
tluka                         tluk
tlučte                        tluct
tlukly                        tluk
tlučme                        tlucm
tluče                         tluc
tlučete                       tluc
tlučeš                        tluces
tlučeme                       tlucem
tlukouce                      tluk
tlukouc                       tlukouc
tlučen                        tluc
tlučeny                       tluc
tluklo                        tluk
tlukla                        tluk
tlukli                        tlukl
tlučou                        tluc
prosili                       prosil
proste                        prost
prosím                        pros
prosí                         pros
prošeno                       pros
prosme                        prosm
prosil                        prosil
prosíc                        prosic
prošen                        pros
prošeni                       pros
prosily                       pros
prosíce                       pros
prosilo                       pros
prošena                       pros
prošeny                       pros
pros                          pros
prosíš                        prosis
prose                         pros
prosíte                       prosit
prosíme                       prosim
prosila                       pros
trpíte                        trpit
trpěno                        trpen
trpěly                        trpel
trpěna                        trpen
trpíš                         trpis
trpě                          trp
trpíme                        trpim
trpěni                        trpen
trpěla                        trpel
trpíce                        trpic
trpěny                        trpen
trpěl                         trpel
trp                           trp
trpím                         trpim
trpělo                        trpel
trpte                         trpt
trpme                         trpm
trpí                          trp
trpíc                         trpic
trpěn                         trpen
trpěli                        trpel
rušila                        rus
rušil                         rusil
rušíte                        rusit
rušíš                         rusis
rušili                        rusil
rušíme                        rusim
ruše                          rus
rušeny                        rus
rušeni                        rus
rušíce                        rus
rušeno                        rus
rušilo                        rus
ruš                           rus
ruším                         rus
rušte                         rust
rušme                         rusm
rušen                         rus
ruší                          rus
rušily                        rus
rušíc                         rusic
rušena                        rus
vozil                         vozil
vozily                        voz
voženy                        voz
voženi                        voz
vozme                         vozm
vozíš                         vozis
voženo                        voz
vozili                        vozil
vožena                        voz
vozíc                         vozic
voze                          voz
vozím                         voz
vozte                         vozt
vozila                        voz
vozíce                        voz
vozíme                        vozim
vozí                          voz
voz                           voz
vožen                         voz
vozilo                        voz
vozíte                        vozit
tiskněme                      tisknem
tiskněte                      tiskn
tisknu                        tisk
tiskneme                      tisknem
tisknete                      tiskn
tištěn                        tisten
tištěna                       tist
tiskli                        tiskl
tisknut                       tisknut
tiskla                        tisk
tiskneš                       tisknes
tisknuta                      tisknut
tisknuty                      tisknut
tisknuti                      tisknut
tištěni                       tist
tiskna                        tisk
tiskly                        tisk
tiskl                         tiskl
tiskni                        tisk
tištěno                       tist
tisknouc                      tisknouc
tisknouce                     tiskn
tištěny                       tist
tisklo                        tisk
tisknou                       tisk
tiskne                        tiskn
tisknuto                      tisknut
dřete                         dret
dřena                         dren
dře                           dre
dřeš                          dres
drouc                         drouc
dřela                         drel
dřeme                         drem
dra                           dra
dřeli                         drel
dřu                           dru
dřeno                         dren
dřel                          drel
dřou                          dr
dřelo                         drel
dřely                         drel
dřen                          dren
dřeni                         dren
drouce                        drouc
dřeny                         dren
dři                           dri
třete                         tret
třena                         tren
tře                           tre
třeš                          tres
trouc                         trouc
třela                         trel
třeme                         trem
tra                           tra
třeli                         trel
třu                           tru
třeno                         tren
třel                          trel
třou                          tr
třelo                         trel
třely                         trel
třen                          tren
třeni                         tren
trouce                        trouc
třeny                         tren
tři                           tri
volaje                        volaj
volala                        vol
volajíce                      volaj
volají                        volaj
voláte                        vol
volejme                       volejm
voláš                         volas
volány                        vol
voláni                        vol
volalo                        vol
volali                        volal
volajíc                       volajic
volána                        vol
volán                         vol
volá                          vol
voláme                        volam
volám                         vol
voláno                        vol
volal                         volal
volej                         volej
volaly                        vol
volejte                       volejt
