#dobře:        347       (70.5% = 70.5% + 0.0%)
#částečně:     0
#špatně:       145 z 492 (29.5%)
#chyba:        35/75/35  málo/moc/správně
#
bereš                         brat
bereme                        brat
bráno                         brat
bráni                         brat
bere                          brat
brána                         brat
brán                          brat
bral                          brat
brala                         brat
beru                          brat
berme                         brat
bera                          brat
berete                        brat
berou                         brat
ber                           ber
brali                         brat
berouc                        brat
braly                         brat
brány                         brat
bralo                         brat
berouce                       brat
berte                         brat
čistěni                       cistit
čistěny                       cistit
čistíc                        cistit
čistěna                       cistit
čistíce                       cistit
čistě                         cistit
čistěn                        cistit
čistila                       cistit
čistíme                       cistit
čištěn                        cisten
čistěme                       cistit
čištěna                       cisten
čistili                       cistit
čistíš                        cistit
čistěno                       cistit
čistím                        cistit
čistily                       cistit
čištěni                       cisten
čistil                        cistit
čistí                         cistit
čištěno                       cisten
čistěte                       cistit
čistilo                       cistit
čištěny                       cisten
čisti                         cistit
čistíte                       cistit
mine                          minout
minuv                         minout
minuti                        minout
minula                        minout
minuly                        minout
minu                          minout
minuvši                       minout
minouc                        minout
miňme                         minout
minuto                        minout
minuli                        minout
minuta                        minout
minouce                       minout
miňte                         minout
minou                         minout
mineš                         minout
minut                         minout
minuvše                       minout
miň                           min
minul                         minout
minete                        minout
mina                          minout
minuty                        minout
minulo                        minout
mineme                        minout
uhrane                        uhranout
uhranuv                       uhranout
uhranuti                      uhranout
uhranula                      uhranout
uhranuly                      uhranout
uhranu                        uhranout
uhranuvši                     uhranout
uhranouc                      uhranout
uhraňme                       uhranout
uhranuto                      uhranout
uhranuli                      uhranout
uhranuta                      uhranout
uhranouce                     uhranout
uhraňte                       uhranout
uhranou                       uhranout
uhraneš                       uhranout
uhranut                       uhranout
uhranuvše                     uhranout
uhraň                         uhranout
uhranul                       uhranout
uhranete                      uhranout
uhrana                        uhranout
uhranuty                      uhranout
uhranulo                      uhranout
uhraneme                      uhranout
chozeni                       chodit
chozen                        chodit
chodily                       chodit
chodila                       chodit
chodíc                        chodit
chodíš                        chodit
chozeny                       chodit
chodě                         chodit
chodili                       chodit
choď                          chodit
chodíce                       chodit
chozeno                       chodit
chozena                       chodit
chodím                        chodit
chodíme                       chodit
choďte                        chodit
chodil                        chodit
chodilo                       chodit
chodíte                       chodit
choďme                        chodit
chodí                         chodit
kryjme                        kryt
kryje                         kryt
kryju                         kryt
kryjte                        kryt
kryj                          kryt
kryti                         kryt
kryjíc                        kryt
kryto                         kryt
kryla                         kryt
kryjíce                       kryt
krylo                         kryt
kryta                         kryt
kryt                          kryt
kryjete                       kryt
kryjou                        kryt
kryješ                        kryt
kryjí                         kryt
kryly                         kryt
kryl                          kryt
kryjeme                       kryt
kryli                         kryt
kryty                         kryt
kryji                         kryt
obujme                        obovat
obuje                         obovat
obuju                         obovat
obujte                        obovat
obuj                          obovat
obuti                         obut
obujíc                        obovat
obuto                         obut
obula                         obut
obujíce                       obovat
obulo                         obut
obuta                         obut
obut                          obut
obujete                       obovat
obujou                        obovat
obuješ                        obovat
obují                         obovat
obuly                         obut
obul                          obut
obujeme                       obovat
obuli                         obut
obuty                         obut
obuji                         obovat
kupováni                      kupovat
kupujeme                      kupovat
kupovány                      kupovat
kupovali                      kupovat
kupují                        kupovat
kupuje                        kupovat
kupujíce                      kupovat
kupuji                        kupovat
kupováno                      kupovat
kupujete                      kupovat
kupovaly                      kupovat
kupovalo                      kupovat
kupujíc                       kupovat
kupován                       kupovat
kupoval                       kupovat
kupuj                         kupovat
kupujme                       kupovat
kupujte                       kupovat
kupujou                       kupovat
kupuješ                       kupovat
kupuju                        kupovat
kupována                      kupovat
kupovala                      kupovat
mazány                        mazat
mazali                        mazat
mažme                         mazat
mažeme                        mazat
mažu                          mazat
mazáno                        mazat
mazalo                        mazat
mazáni                        mazat
mazán                         mazat
mažíce                        mazat
maže                          mazat
mazal                         mazat
mažou                         mazat
mažeš                         mazat
mažíc                         mazat
mazala                        mazat
mazaly                        mazat
mazána                        mazat
maž                           maz
mažete                        mazat
mažte                         mazat
sázeje                        sazet
sázíte                        sazit
sázely                        sazet
sázejme                       sazejm
sázelo                        sazet
sázejí                        sazet
sázíš                         sazit
sázíme                        sazit
sázejíc                       sazet
sázeny                        sadit
sázeni                        sadit
sázeno                        sadit
sázím                         sazit
sázej                         sazej
sázen                         sadit
sázejíce                      sazet
sázela                        sazet
sází                          sazit
sázena                        sadit
sázeli                        sazet
sázel                         sazet
sázejte                       sazejt
nesa                          nest
neseš                         nest
nesla                         nest
nesu                          nest
neslo                         nest
nesete                        nest
neseny                        nesen
neseni                        nesen
nese                          nesit
nesou                         nest
neseno                        nesen
nes                           nes
neste                         nesit
nesme                         nesit
nesouc                        nest
nesouce                       nest
nesly                         nest
nesen                         nesen
nesl                          nest
nesena                        nesen
nesli                         nest
neseme                        nest
kveta                         kvet
kveteš                        kvet
kvetla                        kvet
kvetu                         kvet
kvetlo                        kvet
kvetete                       kvet
kveteny                       kveten
kveteni                       kveten
kvete                         kvt
kvetou                        kvet
kveteno                       kveten
kvet                          kvet
kvette                        kvett
kvetme                        kvetm
kvetouc                       kvet
kvetouce                      kvet
kvetly                        kvet
kveten                        kveten
kvetl                         kvet
kvetena                       kveten
kvetli                        kvet
kveteme                       kvet
pekl                          pect
pečeno                        pect
peč                           pec
peču                          pect
pečena                        pect
pečeni                        pect
peka                          pect
pečte                         pect
pekly                         pect
pečme                         pect
peče                          pect
pečete                        pect
pečeš                         pect
pečeme                        pect
pekouce                       pect
pekouc                        pect
pečen                         pect
pečeny                        pect
peklo                         pect
pekla                         pect
pekli                         pect
pečou                         pect
tlukl                         tluct
tlučeno                       tluct
tluč                          tluct
tluču                         tluct
tlučena                       tluct
tlučeni                       tluct
tluka                         tluct
tlučte                        tluct
tlukly                        tluct
tlučme                        tluct
tluče                         tluct
tlučete                       tluct
tlučeš                        tluct
tlučeme                       tluct
tlukouce                      tluct
tlukouc                       tluct
tlučen                        tluct
tlučeny                       tluct
tluklo                        tluct
tlukla                        tluct
tlukli                        tluct
tlučou                        tluct
prosili                       prosit
proste                        prosit
prosím                        prosit
prosí                         prosit
prošeno                       prosit
prosme                        prosit
prosil                        prosit
prosíc                        prosit
prošen                        prosit
prošeni                       prosit
prosily                       prosit
prosíce                       prosit
prosilo                       prosit
prošena                       prosit
prošeny                       prosit
pros                          prosit
prosíš                        prosit
prose                         prosit
prosíte                       prosit
prosíme                       prosit
prosila                       prosit
trpíte                        trpit
trpěno                        trpet
trpěly                        trpet
trpěna                        trpet
trpíš                         trpis
trpě                          trpet
trpíme                        trpim
trpěni                        trpet
trpěla                        trpet
trpíce                        trpic
trpěny                        trpet
trpěl                         trpet
trp                           trp
trpím                         trpim
trpělo                        trpet
trpte                         trpt
trpme                         trpm
trpí                          trp
trpíc                         trpic
trpěn                         trpet
trpěli                        trpet
rušila                        ruszit
rušil                         ruszit
rušíte                        rusit
rušíš                         rusis
rušili                        ruszit
rušíme                        rusim
ruše                          rus
rušeny                        rusit
rušeni                        rusit
rušíce                        rusic
rušeno                        rusit
rušilo                        ruszit
ruš                           rus
ruším                         rusim
rušte                         rust
rušme                         rusm
rušen                         rusit
ruší                          rus
rušily                        ruszit
rušíc                         rusic
rušena                        rusit
vozil                         vozit
vozily                        vozit
voženy                        vozit
voženi                        vozit
vozme                         vozit
vozíš                         vozit
voženo                        vozit
vozili                        vozit
vožena                        vozit
vozíc                         vozit
voze                          vozit
vozím                         vozit
vozte                         vozit
vozila                        vozit
vozíce                        vozit
vozíme                        vozit
vozí                          vozit
voz                           voz
vožen                         vozit
vozilo                        vozit
vozíte                        vozit
tiskněme                      tisknout
tiskněte                      tisknout
tisknu                        tisknout
tiskneme                      tisknout
tisknete                      tisknout
tištěn                        tisten
tištěna                       tisten
tiskli                        tisknout
tisknut                       tisknout
tiskla                        tisknout
tiskneš                       tisknout
tisknuta                      tisknout
tisknuty                      tisknout
tisknuti                      tisknout
tištěni                       tisten
tiskna                        tisknout
tiskly                        tisknout
tiskl                         tisknout
tiskni                        tisknout
tištěno                       tisten
tisknouc                      tisknout
tisknouce                     tisknout
tištěny                       tisten
tisklo                        tisknout
tisknou                       tisknout
tiskne                        tisknout
tisknuto                      tisknout
dřete                         drit
dřena                         drit
dře                           dre
dřeš                          drit
drouc                         drit
dřela                         drit
dřeme                         drit
dra                           dra
dřeli                         drit
dřu                           dru
dřeno                         drit
dřel                          drit
dřou                          drit
dřelo                         drit
dřely                         drit
dřen                          drit
dřeni                         drit
drouce                        drit
dřeny                         drit
dři                           dri
třete                         trit
třena                         trit
tře                           tre
třeš                          trit
trouc                         trit
třela                         trit
třeme                         trit
tra                           tra
třeli                         trit
třu                           tru
třeno                         trit
třel                          trit
třou                          trit
třelo                         trit
třely                         trit
třen                          trit
třeni                         trit
trouce                        trit
třeny                         trit
tři                           tri
volaje                        volat
volala                        volal
volajíce                      volat
volají                        volat
voláte                        volat
volejme                       volejm
voláš                         volat
volány                        volat
voláni                        volat
volalo                        volal
volali                        volal
volajíc                       volat
volána                        volat
volán                         volat
volá                          volat
voláme                        volat
volám                         volat
voláno                        volat
volal                         volal
volej                         volej
volaly                        volal
volejte                       volejt
